Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey,
Lauren Kelly: Hi, I'm so sorry I had problems with my internet trying to sign in. Because I'm doing this all from the car. So I was trying to use
Lauren Kelly: The internet at this McDonald's and it didn't work. So then after use this hotspot thing on my phone that like drains my battery and stuff but I finally got it to work and I first tried to call into your thing. And then I was like, oh wait up call into the virtual thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. That's all right. Don't worry. Don't worry about it. How are you
Lauren Kelly: I'm terrible
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what happened.
Lauren Kelly: Um, so not this last Sunday, but the Sunday before was my birthday.
Lauren Kelly: Right and
Lauren Kelly: So I think you last we talked. I had. Did I had, I already moved down to the apartment or I was just about to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know you're getting ready to
Lauren Kelly: Okay, so, um, I had tried to move out of the apartment. Um, and, or I had tried to sleep. Sorry. I tried to sleep in my car. The first night and my, I had to like old sick dogs and
Lauren Kelly: My little one may cocker spaniel has been with me since I was 20 years old. She's 15 she's like three years lost her life expectancy
Lauren Kelly: So she ever jaw was just chattering, chattering treasury and and I'm like, you know, it's one thing
Lauren Kelly: For us to lose the roof over our head because I'm a piece of shit. It's another for me to like
Lauren Kelly: Make My dog died of hypothermia. Because, you know, and I just, I couldn't fucking do I just couldn't do it. And I remembered like the last time I was homeless. It was during the summer. It wasn't in 30 degree you know nights in the winter.
Lauren Kelly: So, um, basically, I went to one of the. Remember I told you I use. I had like a few men I would talk to that I would like manipulate for money and stuff my addiction and
Lauren Kelly: I basically went to one of them and said, like there's no way like we're gonna like the same relationship we did before, but like I basically
Lauren Kelly: Need some money like I need a place to stay. I don't have anything like I need to get a hotel for a few days. So he ends up just I literally met him like three times over, he
Lauren Kelly: He got the room because of my ideas expired. So like I can't get a room in my name right now.
Lauren Kelly: So he got the room. I wouldn't even meet him at the room because I was still just thinking of all and they trying to be super respectful of Paul and like, even though I know I didn't do
Lauren Kelly: Anything bad I was honest about how any of the money, whatever. I knew it was something from my past or whatever that
Lauren Kelly: I had to ask, but I literally it was that or watch my dog like die every night like I just, I couldn't do that. And I had nowhere to go. So I met this person in like like four towns over are off the freeway, just to get the key because it was really important to me that like he never went
Lauren Kelly: In with me alone that like everything I still did was supercycle fall because in my head, I'm still like hoping that I can get that back on track.
Lauren Kelly: So I'm Paul has so I didn't tell you this before, but like, so when I first met him, he was married and had two kids and has this like $1.5 million home and he's super successful makes like 250 grand a year. He's in mentor, like he went to UCLA.
Lauren Kelly: But I had a lot of insecurity. When we first started because he would tell me the decisions already been made like I'm leaving her blah, blah, blah.
Lauren Kelly: And and of course in the back of my mind. I think you have just $1.5 million home two beautiful girls like your wife like of night Ariel 15 years I'm by would you leave me. You know that you've only been with for a couple. Why would you leave her for me kind of thing. So I
Lauren Kelly: Was always
Lauren Kelly: I was always kind of
Lauren Kelly: eggs in that basket. So as much as like I was totally in love with Paul and feeling things I never felt my entire life. Um,
Lauren Kelly: I still knew that before I met him. It was Lauren against the world like
Lauren Kelly: Me coming up with a way to eat every day me coming up with a way to feed the ducks every day me coming up with just like 10 bucks to kind of make gassing so I can get to where I need to for the day like
Lauren Kelly: insulting me against the world for so long. I was single for three and a half years before this and and so that's hard for me to turn off like the Lord against the world thing. So
Lauren Kelly: She so this whole thing. It all started because he had gone in my phone and found that like in the first
Lauren Kelly: Three, four months of our relationship. I was still sending like 30 texts with these people. And I think I kind of talked to you about how um you know I didn't meet anyone I didn't do anything, but I was still in
Lauren Kelly: Like kind of keeping that in my back pocket because I always do.
Lauren Kelly: I'll leave me. So two different times. So he ended up getting caught.
Lauren Kelly: When we were about two and a half months and my job. We had this conversation, a million times. I tried to break up with him like three weeks in, because I started realizing my feelings were getting like real for him.
Lauren Kelly: And and he he and I call this manipulating but like basically he
Lauren Kelly: He told me over and over again like Lauren. I can't have you make this decision based on right now. Like, I need you to make this decision based on a 40 year plan and like, yeah, it might suck.
Lauren Kelly: For like this Christmas or this New Year's or Valentine's like when I can't be with you. But like by next year like will will be together and and I want you to focus on the 40 year plan. And so that's what I
Lauren Kelly: I believed in with and he told me over and over again. It doesn't matter if like she found out whatever all that does is move our time, why not
Lauren Kelly: But of course, when he ends up getting caught because of his own sloppiness he
Lauren Kelly: He freaks out and he's like, he called me one day and says, you know, I love my wife, I have to stay and I was just like oh my god like this is the one thing you promise not to do.
Lauren Kelly: That I had 100 car. I wasn't scared to have the hard conversations I asked you to 100 times
Lauren Kelly: I would have left you three weeks in, if you would have told me, I'm going to freak out after that you told me that decision had already been made and and all these things. And so that's what I'm
Lauren Kelly: So within about a week. He was crawling back to me and begging me and like I'm you know I fucked up. I want to be with you. I know like you. You're my only route to happiness in this life.
Lauren Kelly: So we end up about a month after that getting our apartment together.
Lauren Kelly: And I remember telling him over and over again before we got the apartment. I said, Please like and I was living
Lauren Kelly: I was homeless. I was living on the air mattress and my friends garage. That was literally like rat and cockroach infested
Lauren Kelly: And so it's not like I was in a good place. But in my mind. I didn't want to move it like he moved be like 45 minutes away because it's close to his kids and stuff.
Lauren Kelly: That I didn't want to move and do all this if like she wasn't sure. And I told him over and over again, like I've known to worse people who think they can be away from their kids. And then once they actually wake up every day without them, they freak out and they can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do it.
Lauren Kelly: Like, I need you to think about these things before you have me and you commit to your lung least that we're both going to be on, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: He swore to me that he's a sort of
Lauren Kelly: It then
Lauren Kelly: That and this is what he wanted. I would ask him a couple times a week, you know, are you, are you sure you made the right decision and and
Lauren Kelly: I'd say, do you think, do you think you made the right decision. And he would say, but I don't think I know you know, and he would be so sure of it. And so then we got to about Thanksgiving. So it's important that I give you this like background.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, under and what happened on Sunday, but um so then on Thanksgiving.
Lauren Kelly: We yeah so I ended up going to
Lauren Kelly: To Bakersfield to go see my mom because my dad just died a few like five months ago. And so it was like the first holiday without him. I didn't want her to be alone.
Lauren Kelly: Even though my mom and I like do not get along. I just, I went there and he spent it with
Lauren Kelly: At the $1.5 million dollar Danville house. So, um, I remember telling him before I left that I had this insecurity about like
Lauren Kelly: The holidays and his family and that you know that if there's ever a time he's going to second guess themselves.
Lauren Kelly: It's going to be when he looks at his beautiful family over Thanksgiving up in his beautiful home and things like, Wow, this is where I should be, you know, and he told me I was crazy. There is no way like I needed to be more secure, blah, blah, blah.
Lauren Kelly: So a few days later I get back from Bakersfield.
Lauren Kelly: He literally like ran to my car like out from the apartment like from the building, just to like, meet me at my car. He was so excited that I was home like made this whole big deal about it.
Lauren Kelly: And never had away from that like care that much. I was home. I remember thinking it was so cute. And so that was Saturday night.
Lauren Kelly: On Tuesdays like three days after that he comes home from work and like a bad mood and I just figured it was something about work and I eventually said like
Lauren Kelly: Are you going to talk to me. Is everything okay. And he was like, actually. Yeah. Can we talk and I was folding laundry. And he was like, can you
Lauren Kelly: Can you put that down or something. And I'm like, that's where like he's never asked me to like not fold laundry. Like, what could be so serious, and he tells me
Lauren Kelly: I'm, you know, I just have the skillet. It's not about my wife is, but it's about the kids like I have to go back there basically like I'm
Lauren Kelly: I'm basically I'm leaving you, and I'm going back and I'm doing the one thing I promise, over and over and over again. I would never do.
Lauren Kelly: So that devastated me and I, here I am in this apartment that like we got together that every square inch reminds me of him you know and like
Lauren Kelly: I don't even know what to do. Because again, he paid for every dollar of it. So I feel like I don't belong there, but the same time he put me here and you know it was just this whole
Lauren Kelly: horrible thing. And so, in the worst part was like the day before I had asked him on Monday, I said, how was it at Thanksgiving like Are things getting better, because obviously like that. So I was super mad.
Lauren Kelly: Because you know bear and everything. Um, and he he. I remember him just look into my eyes and saying like
Lauren Kelly: You know, it's actually getting better, because like I feel like now there's acceptance, you know, like she's accepting it or whatever. Well, I later found out like when he is so
Lauren Kelly: Just like always, like, a week later, he's he's showing up at the house like letting himself and literally like waking me up in bed to tell me he made the biggest mistake of his life.
Lauren Kelly: And that he'll do whatever it takes to get me back. He doesn't care if it takes a year or 10 years or whatever, like he will do whatever it takes to get me back and and whatever. Um,
Lauren Kelly: So that. And so eventually when we got together and asked him. When did you have the conversation with an MRI, which is the, the wife or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: Um, when did you have the conversation with an MRI of like how can I get back here after his affair and everything.
Lauren Kelly: And he said it was on Sunday. So like to know that Monday when I asked him, like how are things over there and he looks at me and says, you know, it's so much better now, because there's acceptance.
Lauren Kelly: And the day before he went to her and said, What do I have to do to get this marriage back on track. What do I have to do so, like,
Lauren Kelly: That was crazy to me that he could just like manipulate and again I asked him weekly. Do you know if you think you made the right decision. Oh, I know I did. You know, and
Lauren Kelly: And made me feel insecure for like the things being nervous about Thanksgiving and I had this would have been totally right about that. Um,
Lauren Kelly: So then we're apart. He leaves and we're apart for a couple weeks and I'm here at the apartment. I remember going back and forth of do I move out. Do I not but it's not Academy where to go.
Lauren Kelly: So I'm the last text I sent to a person like one of those kind of 30 texts was about. It was like two weeks after the last time he left me for her, you know,
Lauren Kelly: So it's like that's something I try to explain to him because he keeps bringing up how he can't believe that like the whole foundation of our relationship was
Lauren Kelly: Fake and all that. And I'm like, just like you are living a double life and only had one foot in and one foot out, you know,
Lauren Kelly: I was doing the same thing. And I don't think there and in his mind. He says they're so different, they're so different years was talking to other guys mine was just about my kids like
Lauren Kelly: Mine is understandable like anyone would have freaked out at two and a half months in to leave a 15 year marriage.
Lauren Kelly: And then, you know, I had this really bad father guilt around the holidays and, you know, anybody can understand that. But like mine is completely understandable and unforgivable just on a completely different level and in his word, um,
Lauren Kelly: But again, he begged and begged to came back, come back. I told him over and over again. I couldn't do it.
Lauren Kelly: And he gave me this whole pitch of, like, I don't care if I have to sleep in the front room for, you know, nine months. I don't care what I have to do to like
Lauren Kelly: Earn Your Trust all earn an inch and then another inch and you'll see how different I am and all that.
Lauren Kelly: So then when he found all the stuff in my phone. I'm trying to tell them the same thing. Like, I'm so sorry I betrayed your trust and everything, but again, like this was in the last text that was sent like that was a week before I stopped using, you know. So I also
Lauren Kelly: Attribute that so the bad decision. You know, um,
Lauren Kelly: But he doesn't see any comparison in those um
Lauren Kelly: So then
Lauren Kelly: After weeks and weeks in him, begging back at me back and everything. And I remember one of the things I told him was like
Lauren Kelly: You need to record you telling them about me because of the floor. I guess when he moved out he had told the family like dad. He just seemed to work on himself or whatever but like I need to hear you say.
Lauren Kelly: I'm going to be with Morgan. I love Lauren like I need to hear that. And he did that on his phone and it was
Lauren Kelly: It was crazy. I mean, I, it wasn't something I enjoyed listening to but like I needed it from. It was one of the stipulations of me taking a bath that like I know that you're really doing this, this time. Um, so eventually. So he comes back and this is like mid December.
Lauren Kelly: And then we have like the most like magical like two weeks ever where things are just awesome. And then he like catches me and like a really stupid little lie, but that's the live that led to
Lauren Kelly: Finding out I was using. And that's what led to like me, end up getting help and stuff. So as much as that sucks. I'm still like really thankful
Lauren Kelly: You know, like I said that when I shared up my first meeting, like they were talking about gratitude. What you're grateful for know like I'm grateful for.
Lauren Kelly: For rock bottom like that's something I never thought I'd be grateful for. But if something terrible had it happen. I never would have done this, you know, so I'm thankful for that.
Lauren Kelly: So, um, he said. Um, so yeah, so things are great for a couple weeks then it leads up to him, finding out about my addiction and
Lauren Kelly: All you know the lies that went along with that. And there's just several times. Like, I would say I was doing one thing almost on a daily basis because you know I was constantly having to
Lauren Kelly: chase down money and chase on pills. And so, you know, we have a serious way for you to explain that were those three hours of the day when or whatever. You know what I mean. So basically, she finds out I'm lying to them on a daily basis.
Lauren Kelly: That I'm a drug addict and that he's somebody who's never had experience with drugs. Never been around that and has doesn't know.
Lauren Kelly: Anyone with addiction problems. So like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If I
Lauren Kelly: Like the total drug addict and has been
Lauren Kelly: For almost like a decade. Like it just, it obviously really threw him.
Lauren Kelly: And so then he left and goes back to the Danville house. Again, I think this is the third time, he went back to the Danville house. I think we're know the four or five times like he's gone back to the Danville house but um
Lauren Kelly: He, uh,
Lauren Kelly: He, um, so he goes back there again. Oh, so yeah, so this, this is where this is all coming from so
Lauren Kelly: He Paul has this pattern of showing up the day after things that are important to me. So this Christmas.
Lauren Kelly: So I don't get along with my mom, I have one brother and my brother is my mom's favorite person that like they love each other and they're perfect or Mormons and all that. Obviously, I am not I'm
Lauren Kelly: When it came up like that. I was going to Bakersfield for Thanksgiving.
Lauren Kelly: I said, what are you doing for Christmas. And she said, Oh, I'm going to visit your brother in Spokane and you know for Christmas. They're going to have me over and I was like, oh,
Lauren Kelly: Geez, it'd be too much trouble if I came. And I remember kind of just saying that like
Lauren Kelly: Not really thinking of. And she said, yes, it would be so like literally my own mom didn't want me on Christmas and it's like I would have flown myself out. I could have even got a hotel. So I wasn't a bother like
Lauren Kelly: That just thinking it was our all of our first Christmas without my dad and everything and like knowing that he was going to be with his kids like the last thing I wanted to do is just sit in an apartment.
Lauren Kelly: By myself like my last through my addiction like almost every holiday. I would spend alone, almost every birthday and alone, almost every new years I'd spend alone and I'm really over that now.
Lauren Kelly: You know, and I told him I'm like not leaving me alone and Christmas like even if he could just come by for an hour or something.
Lauren Kelly: That he doesn't do that. But when does he show up on the 26. The next day, and then he decides like
Lauren Kelly: You know he can he wants to try and he can deal with me and being a drug addict and support all that, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And then it's again, it was really magical. He was going to meetings with me. He was like finding meetings like home show to this one, and whatever. And like
Lauren Kelly: It was super supportive and we were having just super honest conversations about things and
Lauren Kelly: And just, I was owning everything like he would just kind of bring up something. Oh, so when you said that you were really doing this or
Lauren Kelly: What when I gave you that money that one time and I never got it back. That was for this. And I'm like, Yeah, yeah, you know, and so it felt so good to have those like totally honest conversations for the first time.
Lauren Kelly: So then, so then, um, then he finds those. So I changed my phone number. I do all that. And there's a text in my phone that says
Lauren Kelly: That says so. Somebody had reached out to me on Facebook. And it was an old person that I had hooked up with in the past and like you should give any from the past.
Lauren Kelly: And he was asking me for wheat and so like I used to do like middleman. We deals to make like some money.
Lauren Kelly: So I'm, I'm thinking because I have never contributed to this household ever before. I'm thinking, this isn't quick way it can be 300 bucks just for being like the middleman.
Lauren Kelly: So I end up giving that person. My phone number and Paul just happens to be home and my phone goes off and we just changed my phone number like three days before this.
Lauren Kelly: So he's like, who's texting you like, I don't think, given it's like four people.
Lauren Kelly: And he grabbed my phone. It's like, hey, it's Frank and he just freaks out like so. That's who you want to give your number two like that and I'm
Lauren Kelly: Going to explain to him. It wasn't for anything like that. I literally just wanted to like contribute to the household. For the first time, not and I'm sober. Like, I thought that was a way I could do it. That wouldn't be like
Lauren Kelly: Tests you morals or anything. And I said, You know, I would have talked to you before I did it. I was just finding out like prices and stuff where I'm. It wasn't even like something that was for sure.
Lauren Kelly: And he's like, You can't be that you have to know like we don't need money that bad, and how could you be that
Lauren Kelly: So then he moves out again and goes to the Danville house, and this was right before New Years and I told him over and over again.
Lauren Kelly: You. I was alone. I will. I was with my family were apart on Thanksgiving. You left me on Christmas, which he knew was so important. You didn't do any promise you went into and
Lauren Kelly: Please don't do this to me on New Year's again. And of course, he said, you know, it's really important. I want to come back. But it's really important that I send this holiday with my kids. I don't want them to remember
Lauren Kelly: New Year's forever as, like, that's when I left or whatever. So then he shows up and I said, why don't you take a week there then to figure it out because I don't want you to just come in here. The next day,
Lauren Kelly: And he's like, No, that's ridiculous. So the next morning on the first he shows up, or I'm sorry, the second yeah after hearsay on the second he shows up in the morning out like seven in the morning.
Lauren Kelly: And tells me like you know how she misses me. He wants to come back. But like if you if I really want him to take a week there.
Lauren Kelly: They'll do that just to prove it to me or whatever he left for 10 minutes came back and was like, like
Lauren Kelly: Hey this is dumb. You know I love you. I know you love me, like, let's just do this, like, I want to go grab my stuff and like move back in today. Like, let's do this.
Lauren Kelly: And if this was the first time I didn't find him. And I was just like, you know, okay, let's do that.
Lauren Kelly: But he has this pattern of showing up the day after, and that really bothers me like you couldn't have been there for me on Christmas or even an hour, you can have even done anything on New Year's or New Year's Eve or hearsay.
Lauren Kelly: But she showed the day after, when it works out on your schedule. So, um, ever since he found that stuff in my phone and like the first. I don't know. It was like the second week of January or something.
Lauren Kelly: And that's when he moved out. And then I felt like any of the other times I stayed in the apartment because he's the one who fucked up and left and whatever, like you're the one who brought me here.
Lauren Kelly: I shouldn't have to move out and be homeless. Just because like you can't figure out what the fuck are doing, um,
Lauren Kelly: So I saved but now I was so down on myself for like how bad I fucked up. And even though it was in like my drug past and stuff like that. Like, he says.
Lauren Kelly: You know that it was dishonest to me to give that Frank I my number and he can't trust anything now. And he thought he basically thought like
Lauren Kelly: The desktop using that I would just become this completely honest person, which I thought I was like, I didn't think I was being deceptive and lying and stuff but like
Lauren Kelly: He sees it that way about me. Give me my number to that person because he founded in my phone. It's a good I
Lauren Kelly: You know me, I'm you what you could have told me that you gave him your number. It wasn't till you got caught that you told me, such as shows how deceptive. You still are. And I'm like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Maybe there's still a little hasn't like repaired itself yet like I'm working on that, but I'm pretty sure if I asked, like all the attics and at a meeting.
Lauren Kelly: Did you become completely honest and perfect in one day. The second you stop using they would all probably say no, like, it took work, you know,
Lauren Kelly: But again, he says he doesn't get that he said you're clean now, you should be able to make the decisions. So, um,
Lauren Kelly: So that's why he's like you know I could forgive this stuff from the past to find out you were honest about
Lauren Kelly: You know, giving that person your number and then that was the day that led him to look through my phone and find the old correspondence that showed him you know that throughout our relationship.
Lauren Kelly: But again, I felt like I had to have a plan B and and it through his actions. He was definitely showing me I needed to have a plan B, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: RYAN. HE
Lauren Kelly: doesn't see it that way. He says he's anybody could understand mine you never had to do that, you know, I always would have taken care of. You like Bob but like
Lauren Kelly: For most of my life. I have to figure out where my next meal comes from. And I usually don't get past like 24 hours of like
Lauren Kelly: How I figure out how I'm going to eat or feed my dog that day. And then the next day I try to figure it out again and then the next day and try to figure it out again.
Lauren Kelly: Since positive my life and he gave me a credit card and such. I could like for the first time ever, fill up my gas tank instead of just paying 10 bucks and I can find like
Lauren Kelly: The big bag of dog food that would last a month, instead of just little in that last one day.
Lauren Kelly: I'm like, so yes. My life was a lot more comfortable and like pasted stuff with him around, but
Lauren Kelly: I couldn't be of the mindset that this is going to last forever. You know what I mean. And in especially with how volatile. It was and how quickly I saw him give it up and not give it and throw it away. You know, so, um,
Lauren Kelly: That's, again, something I tried to explain to him, but he says hit him having father bill.
Lauren Kelly: is nowhere near the level of betrayal of me talking to guys in like 30 way the entirety of our relationship and that even when I was so her. I still have this, you know, gave my number that great guy. To do that, we feel, um,
Lauren Kelly: So no, this is that leads us to like when I talked to you and I was getting ready to move up so I move, how
Lauren Kelly: I think it was Friday morning, and my birthday was on Sunday. So, um, he called me freaking out. He said he called him a phone died that night.
Lauren Kelly: When I fell asleep and I actually slept really good that that day. So that's when I moved into the hotel. It was
Lauren Kelly: Because he has a key. She will just like bust and anytime I want to check my phone and go through my person to set like because he didn't trust me.
Lauren Kelly: And and i think i slept so I'll have percent the hotel, because it was just the first time that I didn't have to feel like so it was just going to wake me up and demand. All of these things of me.
Lauren Kelly: Um, so I end up sleeping bags. They had moved in the middle of the night. I think I got to the hotel like seven in the morning.
Lauren Kelly: I end up sleeping until, like, three o'clock that afternoon and my phone died. He says he called me like 90 times he was so worried because he he he will constantly drive
Lauren Kelly: Admitted that like every morning when he would leave the devil house on his way to work, he would drive by the apartment to see if my car was here and then every night.
Lauren Kelly: When he would go home, he would drive by it's only like two miles from his other house.
Lauren Kelly: And he would drive my car, my car. So when he shows up at like, you know, eight in the morning and see some My car's not here. He's like, Oh, shit. So he went inside and saw I have moved everything out and then he tries to call me and Michael instead
Lauren Kelly: So he said he called all the sudden, whatever. So when we talk that afternoon, we actually have like a pretty decent conversation and you know he's telling me like I shouldn't have left and
Lauren Kelly: You know, I should go pack and all this stuff. And I'm like, you know, I don't feel right like I
Lauren Kelly: I feel like if I was using you I would be like, sweet free right but like that's not who I am. I have so much respect and
Lauren Kelly: Love for you that like I think you should have the apartment, you know, because at this point for me with his coming and going at the Danville house like
Lauren Kelly: You know, it's very uncomfortable there and he sleeping in like this guest room on an air mattress, or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: So he's like he's, he was looking for, like, a road trip or something. And I'm like, Why don't you just take the apartment and
Lauren Kelly: You know you and I would say like you found me in the gutter leave me in the gutter where you found me. You know, like
Lauren Kelly: You found me homeless. Like, you don't have to feel bad that I go back to that I'm the one who fucked up on one who deserve that, you know, so, um, that was Friday.
Lauren Kelly: And then Saturday. So Friday night I had texted him because we have like the positive conversation. I texted Lincoln I gave. I love you like kind of thinking of the stuff you and I talked about, like,
Lauren Kelly: Just, you know, like the positive text here or whatever. So then the next morning and I see he's got the thing that says like you could tell when you read it.
Lauren Kelly: And it shows what time he reads it and he just doesn't respond and in the morning. I see, like, you know, the morning just thinking of you, love you, or whatever. Um, I see you read that he doesn't respond
Lauren Kelly: Later in the day I text him to ask him like a question I see he read it. He doesn't want
Lauren Kelly: You know, there was like three or four types. And then finally at like six o'clock I get a text, you know, sorry. Just, just
Lauren Kelly: Just getting these are something been busy all day which like
Lauren Kelly: Kid. I've talked to a million times about how the like I've been busy. I couldn't text you back thing is like total bullshit, because we all know it only takes three seconds. Excellent.
Lauren Kelly: So at that point, I'm pissed off. And this is this is now the day before my birthday. And I'm like, how are you going to go from yesterday, calling me um
Well,
Lauren Kelly: Actually I'll call it back. Sorry. There's like a weird
Lauren Kelly: But, um,
Lauren Kelly: So how did you go from yesterday, so we're gonna call me 90 times. So when I'm sending you these really nice positive messages, just like ignoring me and then sending me some bullshit that
Lauren Kelly: Six o'clock, like I was super irritating. I thought, just like Paul's pattern is he's going to show up on my birthday, and he's gonna want to use this like good boyfriend and whatever. And like, I'm just not having him. I'm not
Lauren Kelly: You can't like blow me off all day when like again like
Lauren Kelly: I'm living he thinks I'm living up to my car at this way but like you don't know where I am. You don't know how about my situation isn't you just blow me off all day because you're busy like
Lauren Kelly: Though, you're not going to show up on my birthday and pretend like no. So I ended up talking to him, his phone number, because I just didn't want to hear it.
Lauren Kelly: He figures out that is blocked because we have iPhones and it says like, it's not delivered or something.
Lauren Kelly: So then I get like from maybe 1230 to like 5am I get like 37 calls from no caller ID. And obviously, Tim.
Lauren Kelly: And at one point he texts me from like a burner phone number and says, If my phone doesn't start fucking ringing right now.
Lauren Kelly: I'm take it to the one thing I'd left at the house was my dad stuff from my dad that died. I had like shirts that still smelled like him. I had like some of his books I have notebooks. I can written like
Lauren Kelly: Stuff that has no monetary value, but has big sentimental value to me.
Lauren Kelly: And that was the one thing I asked if I could leave there because I didn't want to take that in my car with the homeless. You know, like, that was so important. I wanted that some are safe.
Lauren Kelly: And he was texting me if my phone doesn't start ringing right now i'm i'm bringing your dad stuff to the dumpster. I'm walking it out and one minute, Bob, a lot. And I'm like, fuck, would he do that. So this is now like maybe 6am
Lauren Kelly: I get my car, I had a feeling like he was going to come check on me or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: I get my car because I knew I couldn't just tell him like I have this hotel and and i got it through this person, he would instantly be like well what did you do for it and what you know like I just knew, like, especially the super fragile face. We're in like
Lauren Kelly: I so I get my car, I get the dogs. I get like a blanket and a couple of pillows and I pull off like four blocks away from the hotel.
Lauren Kelly: And I call him back. And I go, Dude, what, what's the problem and and he's like, send me your location right now I'm staying on the phones you tell I get there, whatever. So, like, okay, so he I sent him my location. He drives
Lauren Kelly: And he says, I'm as is like going off on me for why. Why would I blocked him on my birthday, he said he sent me all these nice text and left me messages, but I will never get them now because I Blocked blocked him. And why would I do that.
Lauren Kelly: So then he shows up in
Lauren Kelly: He sees that he looks around the car.
Lauren Kelly: Those where's your toothbrush. Where's your tablet. Where's your this where's your that, you know, and I'm like, you know, those are. I told him I had this buddy, Dan. That's the one I stayed with before August proscribed floor.
Lauren Kelly: And I said, I left my stuff there like myself there. But, um, you know, I go there, like you say to like take a shower or whatever but like I can't stay there at night because so when I used to say a fan. He was the single guy that like kinda had a crush on me.
Lauren Kelly: But I couldn't handle it. And Paul even do that and whatever. Now, Dan has like a new girlfriend. So it's not really like appropriate for me to stay there. You know what I mean. So I said, You know, I can put my stuff there.
Lauren Kelly: But I'm not going to stay there. So Paul says, well, let's go to dance house right now and you can show me your tablet and your toothbrush and everything. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: It's 5am we're not going to dance house and waking up his roommates and stuff because like you're being crazy. Um,
Lauren Kelly: And he's just asking me all these questions and he's really me on everything.
Lauren Kelly: And he goes, if you're not willing to go to dance house right now and show me all that stuff. Like, I need your key back I need everything because even though I've moved on. I still have a key and I'm a lucky and stuff.
Lauren Kelly: I'm saying these are key back like you have to know when I walk out of this car, like we're done like you'll never see me or talk to me again, whatever.
Lauren Kelly: And then, oh. And then the other thing he wanted to do was he wanted to go down to at AMP t and have them print out all of my calls and texts for like the last six months. And he wanted us to sit down and go over all that together, which is really like.
Lauren Kelly: There's definitely stuff he's not going to want to see in here because you know when we get back to Lauren using there's, you know,
Lauren Kelly: That's so I didn't want to do that. And so he said if you will go to at&t and I'm like, you know, stupid. I'm going to look at 36 year old woman having my boyfriend walking into the store and get printouts of my tags as something like a parent knows to their 14
Lauren Kelly: Or something, you know, like I just so because I wasn't willing to go to dance house at five in the morning to wake everyone up to show him my stuff.
Lauren Kelly: Because I wouldn't do the 18 teaching. He takes off and wait
Lauren Kelly: Um, so my do my stuff wasn't wasn't at dance house. It was at the hotel.
Lauren Kelly: So at this way after he leaves. I kind of sit in the car for a while and I start texting, Dan.
Lauren Kelly: And my friend Melanie because my friend Melanie had been to the room like a day or two before and she accidentally there they give us to hotel she had actually kept the key.
Lauren Kelly: So I my head. I thought maybe I can save this and in because he was saying. Like if I'm wrong, and your stuff is that dance like then then you know I'll be the first to
Lauren Kelly: Apologize and and something and I said something about oh yeah and you'll
Lauren Kelly: you'll introduce you to them at the Danville how seems like, Oh, I'll take you and introduce you to my wife, my kids, everything like if you don't don't think you can call my left like I'll do all that, if I'm wrong, or whatever. So
Lauren Kelly: I go back to my hotel and as quick as I can. I write a note to my friend Melanie. I'm like, Melanie
Lauren Kelly: This is a checklist of items like I need to do to get my tablet, I need to get my toothbrush. I need to get the bag of dog food.
Lauren Kelly: I usually get like my pillows and bring them to dance house and I literally left out $150 for her and I called her and and I knew she would be asleep, because again, this is like 536 morning
Lauren Kelly: So I call her and I tell her. Please, can you just go get my stuff. You have the key. Can you go to the room, get my stuff.
Lauren Kelly: And bring it to dance and they also called Dan to tell him, my friend, Melanie is going to be coming by to drop off stuff, not me, but mentally. I just wanted to give you a heads up so
Lauren Kelly: I got that all set up and and there was before pod left he mentioned something when I said like
Lauren Kelly: Like we need to wait till release reasonable hour. He was like, okay, then come back to the apartment and we'll wait till then. And it's like, Okay, you want to supervise me and just like stare at me for like three hours until we go to it just felt weird
Lauren Kelly: But I'm thinking maybe I can go back to the house to the apartment. I can tell him like, look, we both been up all night. Let's get a nap and or whatever and wake up at like noon or one and hopefully by then I had I'd written in the notes mill text me happy birthday, Lauren.
Lauren Kelly: As as and although you did it. You know, so that at that point on know it's safe to go to dance like show him my stuff there. Um,
Lauren Kelly: And so I
Lauren Kelly: Called her after these messages. Hey, there's 150 bucks waiting for you at the hotel that
Lauren Kelly: There's a note detailing everything I just need you to do this for me. Um,
Lauren Kelly: So, so I go to the hotel I leave that note I leave the money I kind of hack the stuff to make it easy for Mel and I run out the door and it goes back to the apartment. So I go to the apartment and I
Lauren Kelly: Was like, Okay, well, you know, so you, you want to go to downs and you wanted to do the at&t thing and
Lauren Kelly: I and I'm like, you know, let's you know let's talk for a while and get some sleep person wherever he goes. So you weren't an embassy or extended stay
Lauren Kelly: Right after we left and like I can't even buy them because obviously he followed me, you know,
Lauren Kelly: So he knows the hotel, and he was like telling me like so you were at this hotel, and I'm like, yeah, I was, you know, and, and he's like, well, what were you doing there. And by this time, one of my dogs have like shit in the car and should all be like I had. So when I got here. I had said.
Lauren Kelly: I said so. PAUL Can I clean this stuff up. And I said, well, Haley had shit everywhere. And I was looking for stuff to like playing or something. And he goes, will you were in there for a while like it like an hour or something and i don't i don't think once an hour. But actually, no, it was
Lauren Kelly: But, um,
Lauren Kelly: Basically, I told you know between saying my stuff that dance house between all that I told several why it's which like I told a lie to cover up the lie to cover for life, which is not
Lauren Kelly: Have been normally operating, but I just felt so backed into a corner because if I told him I got the money. There's no way he would believe me. You know what I mean. And everything was so fragile.
Lauren Kelly: That's not an excuse, but like that's what was going through my head in that moment, again, I think it's like
Lauren Kelly: Like just old like residual leftover from when I was using. I think my brain doesn't just stop thinking that way like
Lauren Kelly: It has like in a huge way, I want to say like 80 90% but there's still little part of me that like when I get back into a quarter. It's like my my instinct is to live my really out of it, you know, and I hate that about myself and it's like I'm disgusted about itself. It basically
Lauren Kelly: Goes through my purse is question me on every single thing in my purse, he finds
Lauren Kelly: He finds money in there and he's asked me, you know how I got it. And whenever you know and I told him ship I at this way. I then explain
Lauren Kelly: You know i i went to. And he told me the exact person. I went through and said I needed help that I wasn't doing anything for it, but
Lauren Kelly: That this person. Oh, this to me, basically because we've been through some shit in the past and I'm
Lauren Kelly: I said there was no way you would have believed me you know and and and the he searched by car and he found it. Oh, and I think even at this
Lauren Kelly: This was before and owned up to having the hotel. He goes through like every
Lauren Kelly: Single thing in my car and he finds like the hotel key thing that says extended stay and it's got to 46 on it. And there's a key in there.
Lauren Kelly: So he goes, oh, so the hotel you are at extended say here's a key for to. Where do you sit, you know, and he
Lauren Kelly: Said his like you know I'm going there and he starts to kind of walking back towards the harmonies like you can either come with me or not, but I need to see what's in this hotel, and I'm sure he's thinking like I'm staying with a man or whatever. I'm sure he's thinking the worst.
Lauren Kelly: Um, and as he's walking. I kind of smashed up out of his hand and I put it behind like behind my in my waistline behind me.
Lauren Kelly: Because I had a sweat shirt pocket, and I knew, like if I'd put it in there, he would just get it.
Lauren Kelly: Will we're walking back to the apartment. He's like, give me the key back, give me the key back and and I'm like, No, in my dogs are inside the apartment at this point. And he had locked the door and my do I don't have a key um
Lauren Kelly: And I go, I'm not leaving here without my docs, you know, like I need my dogs. He goes, whoa.
Lauren Kelly: I'm not, I'm not letting you to get the dogs without the key. And I'm like, and I literally sat down Indian style on our door mat in front of our apartment and this
Lauren Kelly: Is like apartment has, like, it's like a three story place with like Windows everywhere. So like where our apartment is it's like in the middle of court guard was like 16 windows at all. Okay, well I'm as I'm sitting there like I'm like Indian style same
Lauren Kelly: He basically like physically attacked me and and when I thought about that, like later I'm like what kind of man attacks a woman sitting down, you know, and I mean like
Lauren Kelly: In the end, he basically attacks you were wrestling. I remember at one point being on my back and kicking him as hard as I could with my boots like
Lauren Kelly: In the chest, just to get them off of me and I literally had pictures of all the bruises. I had like I don't know 11 bruises all over my body. I still have a few really bad ones.
Lauren Kelly: That I mean this is like a week and a half later, and I still have, like, maybe four bad ones and my left knee is like super messed up now.
Lauren Kelly: And but the fact that nobody came out that nobody like saw it was just, again, it was like seven in the morning at this point or something so
Lauren Kelly: But we're literally in the courtyard of our apartment in front of the apartment, not even indoors.
Lauren Kelly: Physically fighting each other and I'm trying to kick him to get off of me. I'm trying to push them to get off me and he just won't stop and he's just lunging at me and he's trying to find it. Where is it, and he's just all over me and and
Lauren Kelly: It basically traumatize the fuck out of me because I had a really, really bad. I had an ex boyfriend that almost killed me is like, I woke up like him.
Lauren Kelly: He was like, I will pass out. Tim choking me and I woke up being like blue in the face and having him crying because he thought he killed me like
Lauren Kelly: Two separate times and then him just beating the shit out of me when I tried to, like, come to get my stuff and like
Lauren Kelly: Giving me like two black guys with shattering my nose and five different places like he looked me up. He put my head through all
Lauren Kelly: Of it, that it's been like five years since I have that relationship. And I still had nightmares about it.
Lauren Kelly: But this whole scuffle. It just brought everything can pack for me and like I literally I was shaking and like hyperventilating like I couldn't fucking breathe and
Lauren Kelly: He finally gets the card for me and he doesn't care that I'm so hurt and upset. He's like, I'm going are you going to go with me or not.
Lauren Kelly: I'm like, Yeah, I guess I'm going to go because I you know I know what he was going to see in there. He's going to see the note to Melanie, he's going to see the funny.
Lauren Kelly: He's going to see all that. So like I guess I've been playing this stupid. I'm literally like traumatizing and
Lauren Kelly: Freaked out and like scared even be near him, and this is a person. I never thought would hurt me that like I have never seen like an aggressive or like physical bone in his body.
Lauren Kelly: And in the car ride from the department to the hotel, he's he's telling me over and over again.
Lauren Kelly: I didn't hurt you. I just needed to keep I didn't hurt you. I just needed the key and I'm like verbatim. That's what my actually assist
Lauren Kelly: You know, I didn't hurt you, Lauren, but this is what this is why it happened. It was your fault, you know, this is what you did to deserve it. But, but I didn't hurt you but but
Lauren Kelly: If you had to just send that one thing if you have them just looked at me that way, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Whatever it was, there was always the follow up with like I didn't hurt you. And this is why it's your fault and to hear him doing that, you know, I didn't hurt you. I just need to see. I didn't hurt you. I just need to keep like
Lauren Kelly: The fact that he justifies that in his head like I i don't think he knows how bad he hurt me, like, but if I'm like 101 pounds soaking wet like
Lauren Kelly: It's pretty easy to fuck me up, you know, especially on the concrete floor wrestling and attacking me while I'm sitting down with my legs crossed, you know, and it just brought me back to like a really, really fucked up place. So then we get to the hotel.
Lauren Kelly: And I told him before we got there, you're going to see the snow to Melanie, you know, I was
Lauren Kelly: I knew I had already lied and got myself into deep. So I had this was the only way I thought I could cover it up. But like, you will see
Lauren Kelly: That the big huge part of my life was keeping a roof over my head for me and my dogs. It was it so I could carry on with some ex boyfriend or
Lauren Kelly: So I couldn't use again or, you know, like you to find me on some, like, you know, tweak or house or something, you know, because I'm using again or whatever, like
Lauren Kelly: My only like I always look at people's intentions when they hurt me. And I just kept saying, Please Like, look at my intentions here like
Lauren Kelly: The two lives that you've caught me AND SINCE I'VE BEEN SOBER the two lot and there's only like I've told I've been
Lauren Kelly: Well, I don't even think it's a lie, but he does the fact that I didn't run to him and tell him that I gave the front guy my number to do the weed bill he thinks that was a lie.
Lauren Kelly: And I'm in, then this thing about the hotel. So, so my two lives had to do with contributing to the household and in a way that didn't disrespect our relationship at all and
Lauren Kelly: The hotel, but he was just like, there's no way you know I was willing to accept to being a drug addict. I was willing to accept.
Lauren Kelly: All these other things I was even starting to think I could forgive you for all this stuff it in your phone with like the guys in the past.
Lauren Kelly: But the fact that you you in his words, the fact that you cannot stop lying to me on a daily basis or whatever. And I'm like, tell me anything more than those two because in the last month that I've been sober.
Lauren Kelly: Those are the only two. And again, the old Lauren live 1500 times a day about everything, like in one month there's been new things.
Lauren Kelly: And again, like they were rooted at wanting to contribute to the household in washing, washing my dog dogs draw shapes so much that like I couldn't sit there and watch my 15 year old dogs for your test for life expectancy like
Lauren Kelly: freeze to death, you know, and I had literally nowhere to go. And it was 30 degrees. Every night that week and
Lauren Kelly: You know I but again I should invite it was completely my fault. Like, I shouldn't have fucking done that. And of course, he says, if you would have just told me we could go past it.
Lauren Kelly: I think I think he's making it a lot easier in his head than it really is. I don't think I think we're in such a fragile place. I don't think there's any way we would have got past that. I think that's kind of like a convenient, you know, thing for him to say no, um,
Lauren Kelly: But um yeah basically
Lauren Kelly: He said he can't have anything to do with me all the stuff. And in that he is, he said. He said things out of all the
Lauren Kelly: Time, she's left me for his wife and all those things, things I never sent him like he said, you know, never come to the apartment again like never contact me again. I'm blocking you and everything like
Lauren Kelly: I've never said that to him out of all the things that have happened with us and I took a seriously and I thought there's two reasons. I didn't contact them after this one. I couldn't not think of him and I instantly feel like here because of the physical
Lauren Kelly: And to I was trying to respect what you know he told me I had never told him before even when he left me for my for the second time nine numbers will never come this apartment. I'm blocking you and everything. Give me back for key like I never did any of that stuff.
Lauren Kelly: So I thought, Wow, this is you know he's really serious. And again, I was basically scared even be a rep them at the same time. So,
Lauren Kelly: I just sat in the hotel room the whole time by birth and just cry. I didn't sleep or eat for like three days and I just cried and cried and said, on like the fourth day on Thursday.
Lauren Kelly: He showed up and his first question was, I just want to know why you haven't like contacted me or why I haven't heard from you.
Lauren Kelly: Yet, I'm like, because you blocked me, you know, and he's like, oh, there are ways around that, like, you know, where I live, you could come to that part me. You know, I work, you could go there, you know, you can still email me even though, like a box you on the phone.
Lauren Kelly: All these things like any send you know, anytime that I thought that I hunted you down. I should about the apartment. Every day I did like everything to show you
Lauren Kelly: And to just you do nothing like you're so new said like you always told me you would always fight for me and you would always fight for us. And it just seems like you gave up really easily and whatever.
Lauren Kelly: In it, but again, he was telling me that he he can't be with me and I'm a horrible person. All this isn't as I said to him, a couple times. Then why are you here Paul them. Why are you here like
Lauren Kelly: You just want to come here say I like why I'm gonna hurt from you. Why are you trying harder, but there's no way I can be with you and you're a terrible person like
Lauren Kelly: Cool, like I've been trying to not eating not sleeping for days. Like, I don't know what more you fucking want from me, you know, um, and
Lauren Kelly: Then the next day I had mentioned something about while he was there that day on Thursday.
Lauren Kelly: I'm moving on this hotel tomorrow because he said something like, I came today. I didn't know how to plug you had the hotel, and I thought this might
Lauren Kelly: Be my last chance to catch you. Because, like, if you're living in your cart. Like I never know where your car spun up, you know, this is my last chance to catch or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: And I said, I actually have it for one more day and I said something about
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I'm gonna have to take like two trips back to dance house so bring stuff because I I brought it took me two trips from the apartment to the hotel.
Lauren Kelly: So I knew I couldn't get it on one trip and I had mentioned something about that will on Friday. He just showed up.
Lauren Kelly: Like it, check out time and was like Hey, do you need help, and it was when I was like reading China I'm blown up my car or whatever. And he tries to be like really like sweet and nice. He's just telling me how beautiful I am and all this stuff and
Lauren Kelly: He ends up staying for like two and a half hours and
Lauren Kelly: Just be it. I don't know, just in like oddly like nice and stuff. Um,
Lauren Kelly: But then then later like calls me to tell me
Lauren Kelly: You know how hanging out with you just makes things so much harder and how he literally can't leave a word out of my mouth. You can't believe anything I say
Lauren Kelly: How that just how I bring out the worst in him and I make him the worst version of herself and he doesn't like his reactions and his behaviors and they're all because of me.
Lauren Kelly: And he's never acted this way before. And this is what I bring out in him. So he has to stop. You know the thing that's bringing out the worst in him and
Lauren Kelly: And but then this weekend and then a couple times this weekend was like calling me to try to hang out with me.
Lauren Kelly: Um, I had made the mistake of asking him to go to my meeting last night because he was the only person that like thought that I got sober for about like the one person that like knew that journey and that I saw like a via really excited that I was my 30 days or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: So like we go to the meeting and like the at this meeting. They didn't something that they didn't do another movie where they said you know at this meeting. We like to go around and have everyone introduce themselves.
Lauren Kelly: And culture to me and said, What do I say her and I said, you can just say you're here to support or whatever because he was not going to say he's or whatever and
Lauren Kelly: And it's just like when they get to me. He's like, Oh, you're just weren't my friend, you know, and it's just like, I don't know about shouldn't bother me, but it was just like, whatever. And then I'm
Lauren Kelly: The go to the meaning the meaning like way over there was this one guy that was talking too much was like a malicious
Lauren Kelly: Um, I got a ship and I was like super emotional. I was like in the parking lot, like crying, oh so happy and like I know this is a two cent piece of plastic, but it means so much to me and like
Lauren Kelly: You don't know how many meetings. I've been to worth seeing people with this orange ship and like wanted it so bad you know
Lauren Kelly: It's a no I earned it was like, you know, I was telling him earlier when they talk to people and make group. I couldn't be positive about it at all. And I couldn't
Lauren Kelly: See it as a right thing other than just, oh, I saw lucky enough that when I actually got it last night, I actually didn't feel like
Lauren Kelly: It was an accomplishment and like it was something I should be proud of. So then after
Lauren Kelly: I had left the dogs and stuff at his house because I didn't want them in the car parking the whole time.
Lauren Kelly: So I had to come back to the department to get the dogs and they stuck because I had like my tablet and stuff from doing the group call earlier.
Lauren Kelly: And all that stuff. So, and I didn't want to leave on my car in a meeting, you know, say, go back through them like grabbing all my stuff. And he's like, like, No, no, you should just say just say you have nowhere to go. You know it's late, you know, you should just say whatever
Lauren Kelly: And they really trying to was fighting him on it but I ended up against my better judgment coming in and saying,
Lauren Kelly: We didn't do anything. We just like huddled all night and stuff.
Lauren Kelly: This morning
Lauren Kelly: One of my dogs. The older dog Haley had shit all over the place. And so I was spending like a half hour, explaining that while he's at work and
Lauren Kelly: You asked me to stop and and can we sit down and talk. He's like, I'm about to leave come and talk for like five minutes and I'm like oh great, you know, what's this going to be and
Lauren Kelly: And he basically tells me how so at the meaningless it so I was five minutes late to the meeting because I really not feeling well yesterday because again I hadn't eaten in several days or slept.
Lauren Kelly: And I had started throwing up like stomach acid like the hour before the meeting, but I'm like, there's no way I'm missing this meeting. So even if I'm a couple minutes late. I'm going, you know,
Lauren Kelly: And he was meeting me there. The third dinner with one of his friends and he's super punctual. So he was probably in the parking lot, like 20 minutes earlier, whatever. So I
Lauren Kelly: Told him like, Hey, I'm so sorry. You know, I wasn't feeling well, that like, I'm almost there, and passing likes such as such as it you know my testers will be there at 735 and
Lauren Kelly: 30 so I get there, but I mean, so this morning when he mentioned to me is that you noticed the Starbucks in my hand and that he thought
Lauren Kelly: That His, His thought was why she lied to me about that involved and I'm like dude. That is so funny because
Lauren Kelly: earlier that day. Like I had seen him earlier that day and I had a Starbucks. Man, I'd gone to target and had gotten a few things in
Lauren Kelly: The target here has a Starbucks. I had gotten a Starbucks like at two o'clock that afternoon.
Lauren Kelly: And I hadn't drinking it. It was like completely fault. So I just put that in the microwave for like a minute or two, and brought that with me. And I'm like, I literally have the receipt like that was not a new Starbucks. That was from two o'clock in the afternoon. It's like
Lauren Kelly: You know you probably do you probably do, but like it just shows me that being around you, brings out the worst in me and it's not good for me and like
Lauren Kelly: You know what, I'm like, I should have just left last night like like I told you I should have, you know, he's like, No, that's not what I'm saying. That's not what I'm saying. And like what like whenever
Lauren Kelly: Like you know basically just tells me I'm like really bad for him and I bring out the worst in him and
Lauren Kelly: And how he can trust me and and like I kept going back to, like, when he had broken. It's just by going back to her for like the second time when he came back.
Lauren Kelly: The whole speech he gave you about
Lauren Kelly: I don't care about the sleep of the front room for nine months to earn my way back in
Lauren Kelly: And I had told him the same thing. Like, I don't want to check your phone. I don't want to tell you to spend less time with your daughters. I don't want to do it, but now I'm super insecure about it and
Lauren Kelly: I feel like you would make me the person. I don't want to be any he would tell me all day. That's only temporary. That's only temporary. Like I know us and I know we'll get to an even better place, and like
Lauren Kelly: Honestly I for any struggle. We've gone through the past, we always ended up in a much better place because of it like
Lauren Kelly: Where I she was glad that thing to happen because now you know even like the drug addiction thing that was really fucking hard on our relationship but like
Lauren Kelly: We were in such a better place because of it after you know that like I wanted to take that back that he caught me in that line that led to you having them in a hosted drug addict and whatever, like I'm glad on that.
Lauren Kelly: Um,
Lauren Kelly: And I just, like, why can't you do that for me, like, I don't get what and he says, because the two just don't compare. They just don't compare
Lauren Kelly: And what you do is so much worse. And like I feel like you just won't own that. And I'm like, I literally sit at home and cry myself like to sleep every night I cry all day. I don't eat. I don't sleep like
Lauren Kelly: It's only talked on my therapy and group sessions like this is all a fucking every meeting or event. It's all I fucking talk about like to say like
Lauren Kelly: I'm not trying, or I'm just giving up or whatever, like you don't know because I'm not, I'm not at the apartment like you see what I go through every day. You don't see what I'm doing. Like, you don't see how hard a murky and
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. But yeah, so, um, yeah. So I basically like first thing this morning. God told how horrible it is around me and
Lauren Kelly: I'll you know hard it is, how it just makes everything so much harder and you know he was glad you got to be there to see me and chip and everything, which just makes everything so much harder. And I just being outdoors. You know, so it's just like
Lauren Kelly: You know, I just, I couldn't get out there faster it fast enough. You know, I just, you know, I shouldn't have been here now and I knew that last night. And now you see. So even looking worse about it, you know.
Lauren Kelly: So it's like, I don't know, I just, I feel like I have no other choice, which is just like completely remove myself from his life. Like I just
Lauren Kelly: Don't think I can do the texting or the like. I think I just have to like maybe for his own good. Maybe I am like so terrible that I only bring out the worst in them like
Lauren Kelly: This is the best thing I can do is just like completely like you don't disappear from this area disappear from him and his light like I just
Lauren Kelly: I obviously only make the situation worse when and that's what I'm trying so hard to show him things and like all I'm doing the speaking of course you know
Lauren Kelly: So that's everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want some feedback.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's all around it to me that he is pointing the finger at you for not wanting to take accountability for your actions when that's exactly what he's doing.
Lauren Kelly: He says, I've owned everything I've owned everything
Lauren Kelly: He says he did and it
Lauren Kelly: Was just about my kids I've owned everything I've owned that
I'm owned that I heard you.
Lauren Kelly: But minus how much worse. He says, you know, on the scale minus so much verse, like I can't believe you would think it's the same thing. I can't believe you have tried to say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That because it justifies his behavior.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It allows him and out to take full responsibility for his own behavior.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what you've done more and is no worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all. It's his perception of your behavior versus his behavior. And it's also funny to me that he is so obsessed that he has a tracker on you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He has to know where you're at, but yet he doesn't want you. That's a yo yo effect and it doesn't work. So it's either one way or the other. It's either you're going to work it out. You're going to be together going to work it out or you're not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you're not, he doesn't he doesn't no longer have the right to know where you're at, or know what you're doing or know how you got to where you're doing if he makes the choice that he doesn't want you in his life, then that's a choice.
Lauren Kelly: Right. He
Lauren Kelly: Said about when I got the hotel she was like, well, did he break up with you and move out and you like
Lauren Kelly: Didn't that mean like when he did that, that like he released you that you are no longer his psyche no longer cared what you were doing. And so maybe that would have influenced the next decision you made.
Lauren Kelly: When you read this.
Lauren Kelly: very desperate situation and you, you put it, watch your dog doesn't like it. And I'm like, but, but, in my mind, I would, I think, is that even
Lauren Kelly: Whether he left or you're broken up or not, in my mind, I always put him first. And so that's why, like, meaning that guy.
Lauren Kelly: That helped me get the room. I met him four towns away off the freeway, because there was no way I was going to meet him at that room because I was still thinking
Lauren Kelly: I still want to be able to look on his eyes and tell him I haven't done anything that would disrespect him even down to just having someone in the room that you know and so
Lauren Kelly: With this broken broken up and him leaving to meet having the feeling that this was over forever. I still was putting him.
Lauren Kelly: Like, my first thought before I did anything, you know. So as much as I would like to subscribe to the theory of yeah he broke up with me. He left me.
Lauren Kelly: I'm not his problem anymore. How can you be mad at me for again like all he did was keep a roof over my head. I didn't hook up with anyone. I didn't do anything that would like disrespect him or or what we've built her our relationship that
Lauren Kelly: The fact that I think like no matter what. Like I always was hoping there was a chance. And so I i should should have had that forefront. So that's, that was my fault for making
Lauren Kelly: The bad judgment call. But it was literally between that and watching my dogs just literally judges out or in. Like I could. It went on for hours. I had
Lauren Kelly: Different comforters I couldn't remember up and I'm like, What's worse like me ask someone for help that I don't want to ask the not disrespecting polity way or me being on the streets and watch my dog like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You didn't do anything wrong.
Lauren Kelly: I did, I think it was a really stupid judgment call. And the worst part is that
Lauren Kelly: Caught me, I lied. I could have just openly. You know what I mean. But if we were nowhere near it wasn't like a safe time to tell him. Oh yeah, you know. So when you know this past texting that you saw my phone. I really upset you will. Yeah, one of those people. I had to ask for help and like
Lauren Kelly: He would for sure, see that as an instance the face that they didn't think it. But again, like that's not, that's the old war in the
Lauren Kelly: Things dealing with something's gonna be hard. So lying will be easier. And then we'll be my way out. And that's not who I want to eat anymore. You know, and that's not even who I've been. I've been better than that. And I've been able to tell like just raw honest truth.
Lauren Kelly: They were fun to say or not, because that's the new person I want to be, you know, and so the fact that, like I
Lauren Kelly: regressed and like with back like an old behavior that I did when I was using. I'm not even using. So it's like excuse valley. Give me just a shitty person that's like never get better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, no you reacted and fear.
Lauren Kelly: That was definitely a lot of fear going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You think that you think about it, when you're in that kind of space and you're backed into a wall, and it's the flight or flight or fight and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you afraid of the consequences of the truth and you know him. Finding out and you know totally get that. So, you made a mistake and Eli, damn. It doesn't make you a horrible person. It makes you a person trying to get better.
Lauren Kelly: At it, you know, in his mind. He could never be trusting the nice day like yesterday, all the way down to that Starbucks, he thought.
Lauren Kelly: I was the medium because they got Starbucks when it's like I told you I could show you the receipt and he said, I don't need to see it like
Lauren Kelly: I would actually like to show it to you because that was literally me start with from two o'clock. I wouldn't, I would never be late to meetings so I could get coffee like I've been to a lot of meetings without coffee because
Lauren Kelly: Time was an issue like that he it was his weight like that's what, that's the person you make me and I can't trust any home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not something
Lauren Kelly: And I said to him, like I remember feeling that way. I felt that way. After what
Lauren Kelly: After you leaving me for her second time. Like I question everything you did too. I wondered when you said you're just taking your kids up but then you'd be gone for like
Lauren Kelly: Four hours like you were doing, you know, like the first month that we live together. He never ate a single dinner in our apartment I later found out that was because he was eating dinner there every night, but not being honest with you about that, you know, so like
Lauren Kelly: I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Need to keep you need to keep identifying these other things that you forget about when you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are beating yourself up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because obviously on both sides of the fence. There was not 100% honesty, so he has his stuff to
Lauren Kelly: His dishonesty. It was about, you know, that he got different panics and and
Lauren Kelly: We're seeing that, and that the second time had nothing to do with the wife. It was all just about the kids, you know, it's all fathered fill in the holiday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can use that for what you just did, because that was panic, too.
Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, and he doesn't see it that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, he's not gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because what he sees
Lauren Kelly: The fact that I could lie so easily.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that I could joke, and he
Lauren Kelly: So usually like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: omitting is lying. And so if he's admitting the fact that he's eating dinner with his ex wife every night. You know what I mean, that's fine too. He his side of the street is not so clean morning
Lauren Kelly: But he says he owned that he owned that I didn't own mine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've owned all yours.
Lauren Kelly: That once I got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't matter if you've still owned it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And him understanding. You know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: Before getting caught, though, isn't that a much more
Lauren Kelly: You know,
Lauren Kelly: Better is to tell someone before you get caught. And after you got cut
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure, but in the same sense. Did you really get caught with that guys text message on your phone. No you weren't, you know, trying to hide anything. You just hadn't been able to tell them yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that. And then this whole, this whole thing with the hotel. You know, honestly, if he didn't want anything to do with you. It's not a year at his business where you got the money from to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Put you in your dogs underneath of roof for a couple nights to be safe and secure. So there's that.
Lauren Kelly: And if I was thinking of him and trying to work on anything with us. I would not have done that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What would you have done, but he had a preferred you to say in a car and your dog froze to death.
Lauren Kelly: I guess in his mind. I could have got the hotel. I should have just told him right away and he would have accepted. I think that's a really convenient theory.
Lauren Kelly: Right, sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a theory.
Lauren Kelly: I do because that had I been honest with him that he would have gone. Oh, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I understand that. Yeah, because you have experience with the alternate
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so there's that you know his past behaviors prove completely opposite of what he tells you, so I'm just, I just want you to identify that he is not 100% either and you cannot take responsibility for his behaviors. That's on him. That's not on you.
Lauren Kelly: He made the choice and attack.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lately, oh no you didn't.
Lauren Kelly: Like he's never been physical with the girl ever before me. He's never liked. He said, You know, he was just seeing red and that key and everything and like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So those are excuses those pieces.
Lauren Kelly: But like he just knew there was something there. And so when he got through like
Lauren Kelly: You went through every single piece of garbage in the garbage can. And I didn't even realize what that was when he was doing it.
Lauren Kelly: But I later thought, you know, like I bet you that he was looking for, like condoms or something, you know, which there were done.
Lauren Kelly: And he's lived long enough to know he went through every door and everything that in the hotel.
Lauren Kelly: You live with me long enough to know that there was not anything in the hotel room, that wasn't owned by me there was an a second toothbrush or was it like a man's razor. There wasn't like
Lauren Kelly: It was like girls pajamas and sweatshirts and my dog stuff and it was very clear that I was staying in that room all alone, you know, and that I wasn't
Lauren Kelly: I think he thought he was gonna walk in and there's going to be like, dude, in the better something, you know what I mean. And
Lauren Kelly: And I don't know what he just was like I needed to see the room. I needed to see the room and you just told me, I think it was last night that it's important. I know that he wasn't trying to hurt, that's important that I know that, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's important. Okay, so let's get back that up for one second.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important that you know that he wasn't trying to hurt you but he attacked you he physically put his hands on you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he had the choice to do something different.
Lauren Kelly: He said I, that's what I bring out and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Lauren Kelly: You read and and if I was honest, that that would never have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bullshit. So that's what you have to look forward to when you're trying to make yourself better when you're trying to do things differently. That's what you have to look forward to.
Lauren Kelly: If I'm honest. He never asked me for a key. She never, you know what I mean, we're never you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: should never have to attack you for a key to begin with.
Lauren Kelly: And that's it. I kept thinking, I'm like wouldn't, wouldn't like a normal man. Just be like,
Lauren Kelly: I'm not going to fight you for, like, if you're if you really don't want to give it to me. And I'm like, all right, but leave or something like not like instantly force it out of me and not give up and not care what had to be done and tell you
Lauren Kelly: You know, like
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, he was picturing the worst. He's like, you know, I just need to see what's in this room, and it's like he was satisfied when you thought it was on, you know, it was
Lauren Kelly: I'm sure and he says in his mind when he can't get past this thinking that there's more thinking that there's more and that He'll never know it all. And I told him like
Lauren Kelly: A while ago he had wanted me to swear on my dad and Cass, who was like my old roommate who committed suicide, who is like really special to me. He wanted me to swear on like their souls.
Lauren Kelly: About something and I brought that up and I said,
Lauren Kelly: You know everything there is nothing else. And I said, I will put that on my dad and has the souls and he kind of shrugged his shoulders. And I was like, are you serious like
Lauren Kelly: You really think I would fucking say that it is like, you know what, Lord, I don't know what you would say more like I just I can't believe anything all the way down to like a Starbucks, you know,
Lauren Kelly: And that, that he can't be in a bad place. I play
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't put them in there.
Lauren Kelly: You don't make bad decisions made him like this because I will tell you before this was the best
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Way for the world he still is. But he, you know, the problem of love and obsession.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it's an obsessive behavior control.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Control is a huge thing and obsession and throughout the whole scenario. It's been about control.
Lauren Kelly: What do you mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He, he has to have a control.
Lauren Kelly: Like what, what do you see that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With everything being able to say, you know, what am I the yo yo effect is a control effect, keeping you on pins and needles is a control effect not giving you, you know, giving you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want to be with you. And then the next morning, showing up at eight in the morning at your house because really, honestly, he does want to be with you, but he doesn't want anybody else to be with you. I mean, it's just it's a total control move
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, as somebody that is truly sorry for physically hurting somebody else says I cannot believe that. I just put my hands on you. I cannot believe that I reacted to you that way. I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: cannot believe I did that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't blame it on the victim. They don't blame it on the person that they touch.
And
Lauren Kelly: Find and also in mind. He's the victim. You know what I mean, like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's not the victim.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He played his own role.
Lauren Kelly: Maybe I deserve that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because no you don't.
Lauren Kelly: Like I put us in that situation without
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's knowing what
Lauren Kelly: The chicken or the egg like like I I was the one who and I wish I could be. I wish I could sit here and tell you all. I just told one night about the hotel, but I literally told a lie to kind
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of rip and why did what happens
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, which is I have
Lauren Kelly: To be like, why am I still that person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not, it's not the person. It's the reaction, you were, you were put up against the wall. You know what I mean. You knew that it was a risk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I get to go
Lauren Kelly: up against that wall and says, Yeah, but here's the truth. Anyways, like that's what a real adult
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I. That's what somebody does
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the morning, that's what somebody does, who has time in recovery not 30 days with somebody hit that has a little bit more
Lauren Kelly: There would be like some bumps in the road and right first like
Lauren Kelly: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe like these.
Lauren Kelly: And I said, that's amazing. Did you expect that I would just be perfect and like just be the completely like most honest person. You ever met. Not like yes i. That's what I'm striving for. And that's what I'm working so hard for it, but like
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, again, when I have felt like that here and watch my dog breeds and and how fucking like she's my heart so I
Lauren Kelly: Love you, like she helped me get through cancer like helped me get through everything I've ever been through life like that. It's like my child. You know, so to watch that and like
Lauren Kelly: It was so fucking horrible and I told him like you've never been in like the desperate situations. I've been never not knowing
Lauren Kelly: Where you're going to like lay down that now you've never not known. You've never not even two days and going on day three, and still not knowing how you could come up with any money to try to eat today like
Lauren Kelly: You've never been in the situation. So I think things are comfortable and good like you know this first few weeks new super supportive my sobriety of everything I was, I feel like 100% honest but
Lauren Kelly: It wasn't like I felt like back in that corner that well no, I take that back. Because the thing, the text with Frank happen.
Lauren Kelly: When I was sober and everything was good but that in my mind I was going to meet him at a gas station.
Lauren Kelly: Get one thing from one person to another person make $300, you know, and I was going to tell him about that, like,
Lauren Kelly: If you would have told me more. And we don't need the main that didn't find it when to stop right there, but
Lauren Kelly: My mind was, was really focused on, you know, through my whole drug addiction I contributed nothing I borrowed money from him. I never paid back like the least I could do is try to start contributing and
Lauren Kelly: Not in the ways I used to. But in a way, you know that I didn't think would be disrespectful for them. But, you know, it has words like how could you be that, how could you possibly think that that would be okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe, you know, and maybe there's a part of you that knew that it wouldn't be okay. But again,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to make money when you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what am I
Lauren Kelly: Why did I risk everything to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But here's the thing we do things our behaviors don't change overnight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. They don't but yet you know when we get clean and sober. It's the behaviors and the thought process that we have to start working on a team.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's, it's, it's all all in one. It all just doesn't stop the minute that you get sober. That's when the real work begins.
Lauren Kelly: So how could you ask someone to lead view with you and work on things with you when you under that scenario like I basically would be telling him.
Lauren Kelly: I can't promise you I'll be honest, all the time, and I'm a work in progress. I probably still might love it because of my old you know when I feel fear or whatever because my old company mechanisms like
Lauren Kelly: That if I were to say that to him. Like I would imagine symbol, then that's not person I want to be with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, like how you as already. He's already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But Lauren. Here's the thing. He's already saying that he doesn't want to want this can't work because you bring out the worst in them. He's out. He's not even willing to own his own stuff. So you going and saying, look at, I am trying to do.
Lauren Kelly: He has he feels that he has
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that's bullshit. Sorry. You know, it just, it is. I mean, somebody that is really sorry for putting their hands on somebody else doesn't blame you for their actions. That's number one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Control a person that has to have control is you know obsessed with finding out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, finding out what's going on and digging through your clothes and digging through your phone and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And checking up a motel, even though that he's already, you know, said he doesn't want to be with you, but yet he still feels he has the right to do these things. And this is where the issue comes in.
Lauren Kelly: If in his mind. He because in my mind. Anytime that like one of us has said it was over something I've always had the belief of, like, There's no way it's over, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: One thing he would always say is like our story hasn't been written yet or something like he said that to me the first time you left me. So that's been a second time, he left me.
Lauren Kelly: That our story wasn't me written yet. So like in my mind, even if I'm not together with him for six months or a year. I still
Lauren Kelly: Saw myself acting in a way that would make him proud. So like if every one day he could forgive me, or
Lauren Kelly: He ever could like reconsider that that I could tell him in the whole time we were apart. I didn't do anything that would
Lauren Kelly: affect you in any way. And I didn't do anything that like I basically acted as your girlfriend, the entire time. You know, I wasn't. And that was a goal in mind. So I could be like proud of my actions and that he could be proud of my actions, you know, and so
Lauren Kelly: I think like we both have kind of felt that way. Like it whenever it's been over. It's never really been over, you know. So I think in his mind like
Lauren Kelly: He always talks about this 40 year plan. So even if this was a year bump in the road and we work together for a year that one day will eventually lead you back together. So in with that he has the right to check on me whenever he wants.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see you know it doesn't
Lauren Kelly: Like when when he had first left when he first found all those texts and everything, and he had left and moved out for like a week.
Lauren Kelly: He showed up at 6am one day and he was surprised. I was awake and all the lights on and stuff. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: He's like, how are you up so early on, like, I haven't slept like I haven't been sleeping all in and he said
Lauren Kelly: Can I see your phone right now. So it's like 6am, you know, like he thought you'd be surprised. He wasn't waking me up out of a dead sleep. His plan was to wake me up, he, he would never call me to warn me about this because this whole plan is like catching you know who wants to, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Walk right in
Lauren Kelly: And zero nose and find something terrible and multiple times he's checks and find nothing. And so this date because there isn't anything
Lauren Kelly: So this day, particularly, he showed up at 6am and it's like, hey, let me see your phone. I think it'll tell me a lot because I haven't seen you in a week, you know, and he had broke up with me. I'm left with back to the demo house.
Lauren Kelly: And I
Lauren Kelly: Hand it right over and he went through it and and the only number. He asked about ended up being a bright heart health person. He was like, who's a CO or whatever. And I'm like, it's right her house and
Lauren Kelly: Everything that was like the only number. He didn't know who he was and he and he said something like, you know, I haven't seen you for a week, didn't know I was coming by. Right now I feel like if I look in your phone, I'll be able to see
Lauren Kelly: You know, if you really are the person. I thought you were if you weren't because if I'm being shady. I would have been shading that whole week that he was not
Lauren Kelly: In and then he left me with through everything and my phone in there.
Lauren Kelly: There was nothing. And I didn't delete anything other than that everything was on my phone that had been on my phone for that week. I did not know he was going to be so I
Lauren Kelly: Think to, you know, play anything up or whatever. Um so yeah it's and that was like the first time he had said.
Lauren Kelly: Something about, you know, as much as I'm hurt right now and I need a little time away like I think this might be something I can forgive and this, this was talking about the
Lauren Kelly: The text to Frank and all this stuff with guys, he founded my phone from, you know, back when I was using everything
Lauren Kelly: And like the basically the entirety of our relationship. I'm leading up to me get into over the last contact. I had with something like that was like a week before
Lauren Kelly: I got clean in two weeks after the last time he had gotten back to his wife, you know, so invite addicted.
Lauren Kelly: Desperate crazy, you know, not thinking straight. Find. I thought you always have to have a plan B, because how am I going to get my mother Tom I going to survive home. I'm going to say, well, how am I going to eat.
Lauren Kelly: If phone keeps doing this, you know, and I found that like it wasn't like two years after and I'm still talking you see two weeks after and it in a week before I stopped using like
Lauren Kelly: That means a lot. So yeah, he has said after the Frank text and after all the stuff of all the guys you found which was horrible for him to have to read and it breaks my heart that like you ever had to read that.
Lauren Kelly: And I should have owned that you know when we got back together and he knew I was an addict. He asked me, Is there anything else. And I said, no.
Lauren Kelly: And there was with the sky stuff, you know, and. But again, I didn't think we were like struck me was just barely able to take the backup if I knew about all the slides and the huge drug addict, which, you know, in his world is not anything normal and
Lauren Kelly: He had said, You know, I think I can possibly get over this and
Lauren Kelly: You know, and want to work on things. I need a little bit more time and then it was two days later, when
Lauren Kelly: THE WHOLE HOTEL thing happened in that made him realize that he just cannot trust a word that comes out of my mouth and that now there's this huge paradigm shift in his head where like
Lauren Kelly: You know everything down to the Starbucks cup in my head, like how silly that way you don't. I mean, and
Lauren Kelly: And and again I have her see I can prove that that was a 2pm Starbucks. I put the microwave. But he wasn't interested in seeing that receipt and
Lauren Kelly: You know, in his mind. He was saying, you know, I'm not even saying like you're guilty of that I'm just letting you know where my head's at. And, and how, how much harder having you around as they're not happy.
And
Lauren Kelly: Like, I don't know what else that tells you, then like he wants me to like just disappear from this life forever. You know, and I feel like and that's honestly like
Lauren Kelly: The last thing I wanted. It's weird, like when I'm apart from him. I'll tell me, I'll remind myself about
Lauren Kelly: The physical thing should not have happened over my myself about all the times. He left me for her, I remind myself about the time he looked me in my eyes and told me
Lauren Kelly: That things are good with him in the next life because there's acceptance now and I find out 24 hours prior to that he was begging for back and finding out what he'd have to do to fix this marriage.
Lauren Kelly: And then can look me in the eyes and tell me that except now you know it's one thing to just be like, oh, it's fine. So another to like come up with that bullshit. You know, and he mean like
Lauren Kelly: You know you don't make me feel crazy an instructor for having these questions at all ended up being real and right and valid. In the end, you know, um,
Lauren Kelly: I think that's a special kind of cruel and mean you could have just said no, that will happen like when I was worried about Thanksgiving, he went out of his way to tell me like
Lauren Kelly: Oh, I really needed to get it together and how insecure. I was. And then I was completely right, you know, any mean. So it's a special kind of cruel to like make someone think it's their problem when like everything they are saying is valid.
Lauren Kelly: Every fear they have is valid and you showed me that, not once, but twice. And again, he's gone back to the Danville hospital.
Lauren Kelly: And he says just asleep on this air mattress, or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: You know as much as I would love to believe everything he says to his also live to be a lot too. So there's a lot of things like like he would have me
Lauren Kelly: Like he shaved his neck in the shower like once a week, and all of a sudden they realize why did that just starting like mid December when we've been living with each other.
Lauren Kelly: Is since the beginning of November. You know what I mean. And so I just thinking like, who, and I know he only does that in the shower so like
Lauren Kelly: Was his ex wife doing that for him every week for the first two and a half months we live together, like, you know, like I'm questions like that. You know what I mean. But again, like
Lauren Kelly: His answers that would be like, you know, I have no right to question things like that when looking at what i've you know and you know I
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. It just kind of remind myself of those things when I'm away from him. I'll try to convince myself that like
Lauren Kelly: You know, maybe. And again, like I've had several friends told me that you can you lose them. How you get them. So I've had several friends tell me if you've got him. She didn't notice like
Lauren Kelly: She don't you you know and and I've asked about before and and his answer to that was the same thing I thought of, like,
Lauren Kelly: That we've always said like anything we felt for anybody else's like a three. And what we feel free chose like a 10 there's no filling in that gap. So like
Lauren Kelly: There's no way he would ever see on like the love of his life. And, you know, he said he's loved them. Other one he's never been in love with anyone tell me
Lauren Kelly: And he didn't even realize like the difference between the two until he met me and he was kind of going through life numb.
Lauren Kelly: Until he met me and then he was the happiest I've ever been like knowing me and and so he's been going to therapy.
Lauren Kelly: And I said something he was so the other day when we had talked to you was talking about how he really likes this therapist.
Lauren Kelly: Is really great and I said, What does your therapist. Think of me and he says, you don't want to know. You don't know. And I said, no, I'm really interested to know. And he says, My therapist thinks that I'm a chump, and that you're totally playing
Lauren Kelly: And I was like, are you kidding me like I was like, so someone who cheats on like a chump like
Lauren Kelly: You were telling me to stay in the apartment that costs $2,000 a month and that you would continue to pay
Lauren Kelly: The apartment all the bills and I left because I felt like such a piece of shit that I didn't deserve that. And I left the keys and I left everything like for my
Lauren Kelly: Couple of days before my birthday, he had left a box from Tiffany's. I don't know what it is, but I'm sure that's expensive. I left that present because I felt like I didn't deserve it. You know, they mean like
Lauren Kelly: Is that someone who's playing you like a chump. Like, I would think if I was like, sweet, let me stay in the apartment forever. And you can keep paying for even though I lied to you like
Lauren Kelly: I literally am choosing to sleep in my car with my dogs just show you how much like respect I have for you and the fact that I and I said like
Lauren Kelly: Did you tell him about you leaving me. Did you tell him he's like yeah iPhone everything. He knows everything. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: I'm sorry, but I just don't think you have represented it realistically if he can look at me and think I'm playing you and you're like, I don't know how you could
Lauren Kelly: How he could pull that from my action. Yeah, I get that I fucked up. But like, there's never been a day in my life that I was playing all like everything I've ever told him about my feelings. I've been
Lauren Kelly: 100,000% Jen, you wouldn't like I've never tried to like take advantage of him or anything, anything like I pushed us help away.
Lauren Kelly: And he knows that. Like I said, like for the first several months of our relationship. I wouldn't even ask him it i'd be sick and I would even
Lauren Kelly: Say like you want a job and who she wants soup and I wouldn't want to ask them for stuff like that like
Lauren Kelly: It. He said it was really cool and I would just even let him give me a job and she's like, maybe three, four months into our relationship where I started to let him in. Like,
Lauren Kelly: So get like I've never treated Paul that way. Like, I've always said nothing, but, like, like respected him more than anyone in my life and
Lauren Kelly: So I it's just hard to know that he's like they have a session today at six. And just to know like it's going to be a Lauren bashing session, the whole time, you know, and this guy's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wonder if he's going to tell him that he put his hands on you.
Lauren Kelly: I'm sure he I'm pretty sure you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't forget that this therapist is just getting his, you know, things that are going on in his perception and so that's all he has to go off of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know he doesn't have the full story. He doesn't have both sides. He has one side. Yeah. And my hope is that he lets them know that you know he's tracking you he lets him know that he put his hands on you. He lets him know that he's following you. You know that he is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Looking for your car, you know, the apartment. Every morning
Lauren Kelly: I'm driving past the ones he knew that I was at the hotel. He said, You have no idea how many times I drive past that hotel two seater car.
Lauren Kelly: And when I asked him, like what the number was she like literally wouldn't tell me, and he said it's embarrassing when I have to go to make counseling calm.
Lauren Kelly: You know, I've been certainly looking at her car or something and you know all that and basically the advice was given like and it's just like you need to give up on that. Like that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Basically, either. Neither either need to have a restart a refresh where everything from this point back, you know, doesn't matter. And you guys actually engage in some therapy together to move forward or, you know, part ways. One of the other
But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely. There's no reason because there's been lies from both sides. There's been manipulation from both sides, you know,
Lauren Kelly: He doesn't like the word manipulation and he says he absolutely has manipulated me and I said I was ready to break up with you three weeks in
Lauren Kelly: And you made me be all you told me over and over again, Lauren, you can't make this decision based on now. I need you to make this decision based on her 40 year plan.
Lauren Kelly: And the decisions already been made and all of these things. And then, and then
Lauren Kelly: Oh, but it's totally understandable that I panicked and back out on every province I ever meet you and then before we got another department, a big too big to the mainland, to think about these things and not
Lauren Kelly: Let us take this huge step if he wasn't 100%. Sure. And then for, you know, month and a half. He tells me, everything's free and that
Lauren Kelly: You know, it's perfect. And he's so happy when really, he's questioning and every day is eating dinner there every night. And I'm wondering why haven't we even when dinner together, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a lot, there's a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the only thing that you have control over us. You
Lauren Kelly: I instantly want to like be with him again, like when I'm away from him. I try to remind myself of those like bad things, you know,
Lauren Kelly: And just
Lauren Kelly: Done. Hope you think when I'm when I'm around him. I just like love this fans so much like I don't want to be with anyone else. And like
Lauren Kelly: Like willing to do anything and
Lauren Kelly: I, I just felt like such a piece of shit that like doesn't even deserve to have them like, look at me. And even when he looks at me. It's not like that look of love in his eyes. Numerous kind of like a look of like discussed and like that's super painful for me.
Lauren Kelly: But again, like if I take a step back and I don't
Lauren Kelly: Like actively seek him out or whatever he sees that as I'm not trying and I don't care. And, you know, he would
Lauren Kelly: Do all this, but like, it's so fucking painful for me to see the person that used to look at me with like
Lauren Kelly: Love and like respecting their eyes look at me like I'm just foul and disgusting and like, you know, tell me over and over again that you know they could never be with me because I'm such a bad person, and
Lauren Kelly: That I bring out the worst in them and everything, you know, and I, I, but every time I'm around him. Like I just you like so badly want to like
Lauren Kelly: Our life back. You know, before I fucked it all up. It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Before you booked it all up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I ok so I'm an outside person looking in, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you have some you're part of things that caused
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: bumps in the road cause strain on the relationship, but so does he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's two sided. I mean, it was already there before you found out you know about your addiction, there was already mistrust.
Lauren Kelly: In his mind the scale.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of the two things listeners getting
Lauren Kelly: When I tried to compare the two. And like
Lauren Kelly: When he says you know you make me question everything and I don't want to be that person that's unhealthy. Those were all the same things I said to him after he left me the second time like
Lauren Kelly: I don't want this person that goes to your phone. I don't want to be this person that wants to limit your time with your kids because I don't want to over at the Danville house for six hours anymore. You know what I mean, like,
Lauren Kelly: I don't want to be that person didn't even see payments only tend to be temporary. Like, I'm going to earn an inch until I can just read one more inch. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: Why can't you do that for me and like I had said that to me this morning again when he brought all this up and
Lauren Kelly: And and he said, I'm not going to get in the conversation with you about, which is worse again like this is where this is where we just can't get past it, because it will never be because you'll never own it and I'm on my then you'll never own it all the way and and you're
Lauren Kelly: Set and and anyone can understand two and a half months in panicking about leaving Olympian $5 million home and you know 15 year marriage, which was a 19 year relationship and two kids. Anyone could understand that even though, you know, in my mind, he manipulated me
Lauren Kelly: And he does not see it that way in his mind. He believed that to be true at the time. So that wasn't lady me
Lauren Kelly: Um, but that you know he panic leader and anyone could understand that and that you know that father killed so it's just you know about the pencil wasn't about her.
Lauren Kelly: However, she had gone to her as and what can I do to get back in the marriage and everything so
Lauren Kelly: Whether it was real or fake. He was working on his marriage, you know, and immune like he was doing everything she would have asked him was willing to do
Lauren Kelly: She I remember when you would come to try to pay me back the first day he came to try to bring me back. He came in and said his first words to me were
Lauren Kelly: busted out of nowhere and my daughter had slept reason like four days. At this point I busted out of nowhere and said, I only have five minutes, I'm being tracked but I made the biggest mistake of my life. And it just have no food ever take me back, and I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: So you only have five minutes. You know what I mean like you made the biggest mistake of your life and you got five minutes.
Lauren Kelly: So again, like, are you really trying to like leave her for me because you're still following her rules and whatever. You know what I mean. So, and again, I'm like why why would you need. It was like he needed the yes out of me before he could leave there and I'm like a
Lauren Kelly: Nurse, gentlemen, you could leave there before you even got the yes out of me because it
Lauren Kelly: Was wrong and it was
Lauren Kelly: A lie, but he needed he needed to know like you know it it was in before he told me that was a loveless marriage if he wasn't with her if he was with me. He wasn't gonna be with anyone. But that clearly wasn't the case, it was always either me or her, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it sounds like it's time that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really kind of focus on on you a little bit right now and you know one thing that I can tell you, Lauren, is that you own your truth no matter what it looks like and sometimes truth isn't pretty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Lauren Kelly: But I own it after I get caught.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and so we work on that we work on you, you know, owning your truth before you know that happens, you're not going to do this perfectly. Nobody does. It's going to take time before you get there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Lauren Kelly: So into work on Sunday with you if you can't promise them full honest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He hasn't been able to promise you fall on us either. So, you know, there's that and
Lauren Kelly: Has ever since the last time you left her. That's the last thing he did wrong, you know, or, you know, left for her. That was last thing he did wrong. And ever since and everything has been truthful, everything's real where I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you know he can justify his behavior. He can justify his behavior, any way he wants. The fact is he still plays a role. And you know the obsessiveness of tracking you and following you and checking up on you, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are his behaviors that he's choosing because he doesn't want to let go. And so he's got to figure all that stuff out for himself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, let him figure that out for themselves. And in the meantime, you start figuring out things for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Number one is, you know, defend no more. That's a great statement. You know what I mean, it doesn't matter what the situation is whatever you choose to do be willing to backup your truthfulness with it, you know, and just start from today forward.
Lauren Kelly: That's what I told him I was like, I wouldn't never make the same mistake again like I learned my lesson and like I don't
Lauren Kelly: Know, I don't care. But like, even if you were going to break up with me over something I would so much rather IT LIKE AFTER THIS WHOLE HOTEL thing can happen like
Lauren Kelly: In hindsight, I should have just from the beginning. And yes, I've been room to 47 and this is how I got the money for it. And this is what I, you know, like I should have just done that and the fact that, like,
Lauren Kelly: My old mechanisms of, like, Oh, no, no. Just lie and you'll you know like like it makes me sick that I still do that because for that whole month I feel like I've been so good about it other than that one texts and then the hotel.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are the training.
Lauren Kelly: And they both weren't like oh I started hooking up with an ex boyfriend. Again, or I, you know, like none of them were things that, like,
Lauren Kelly: I didn't think we could have worked through because I again. I always look at someone's intention and my intention was to not watch my dog died of hypothermia my attention was to contribute towards the household and I'm sorry if like
Lauren Kelly: You know, not think tech shop with Frank. I was on day like four or five have been clean. Like, I probably wasn't thinking of hundred percent Street, yet you know my
Lauren Kelly: I've been given myself 13 or calls a day for like 70 years and I'm like four days into not having that medication anymore. And I feel like my brain chemistry and everything's all fucked up. And I'm not trying to blame it
Lauren Kelly: On things and act like, Oh, it's okay because this or whatever, but I just don't think it's a fair expectation that everything would be perfect. The first month
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not
Lauren Kelly: WHAT SHE SAYS HE DOESN'T HE GOES is me just ask you not to live to be asking for perfection. I think that's a very low bar. I just want you to not lie to me and I can handle anything. It's true. But what I can't handle is your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So obviously he can't handle the truth and he's proved
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That several times to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, again, I think, you know, my advice would be to work on you right now and let him work on him and you know maybe educating him a little bit about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Addiction and allowing him to explore it. But really just getting to that point of acceptance and saying, it's going to be whatever it's going to be. And I'm going to own my truth no matter what.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And trying to take care of, Lauren. You know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: What I'm, what would you say educate him on addiction, like, What specifically would
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, first off, you know, he needs to know that behaviors don't change overnight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He needs to know about addiction and that it's in your head and that it is a tough, tough tough disease to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To manage and get under control and you've managed to do it and get it get it under control. For the past 30 days, but it doesn't mean that everything's all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It means that you now it's time to start working on Lauren and changing the way she thinks changing the way she does things, you know, it takes time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, I just want to point out that you
Lauren Kelly: Offer until I get to that place where I can say I can be 100% honest. Oh, I thought I was at that place, but I felt it when I got to like a moment of fear. I fell back on what I knew instead of what like I knew
Lauren Kelly: Right. And that makes me really really sad because I
Lauren Kelly: Found
A human
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes your human in early recovery, who was filled with fear is life is changing moment by moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what that makes you doesn't make you a piece of shit doesn't make you a piece of dirt doesn't make it any less than anybody else is struggling, who's in early recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You come into groups you're coming to learn, you know you're coming to therapy. You're trying to learn different ways to think in different ways to do things. It's not a process that happens overnight.
Lauren Kelly: But in his when he just asked me to be honest, like he could deal with a lot of the stuff that comes along with the recovery, but like just asked me to be on shouldn't be like
Lauren Kelly: A big ass that should just be like, normal in a relationship that should be something you can just expect
Lauren Kelly: Expect and this is, you know, it's this huge paradigm shift. I used to believe everything you said like everything I wouldn't question, even if it sounded weird, I would say, oh, there's gotta be a reason for that. And now,
Lauren Kelly: In my head, it's down to you know how she got the five bucks for the Starbucks at work when she got the star Wessel, where you know what I mean. Any little any little thing that I mean, I guess. Doesn't sound or look right, Tim instantly is me doing the worst thing you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure. And it's going to take time for him to walk through that. But in the same sense. I hope that he can recognize that for the first
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three and four months of the relationship that's exactly where you were at and you've kind of gone through the same thing with his behaviors and his misconceptions and his lies and omitting of what was going on. So it play. It's two parts. And, you know,
Lauren Kelly: That's what I always go to. I try to compare the two. And he says, like, that's where we're just never going to get past this and we're never going to be able to. So I'm such a different scale.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And no, not a betrayal is a betrayal. The feelings are still saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that is the thing about
Lauren Kelly: Other guilds and panicking a two and a half months in which anyone can understand my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If he was being so honest. Why didn't you tell you beforehand.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why did he tell you why he was going through the insecurity.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah yeah
Lauren Kelly: I mean, I asked him daily, you know, you would
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just recognizing that he's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect either. And it's recognizing that he's made mistakes too and and really not beating yourself up over it. But really, continuing on this path and doing something different continually learning and doing stuff differently.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's what it's about, you know, and, and defending no more. You have nothing to defend nothing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And realizing that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The more that you get healthier every day that you stay sober every day that you are working, you know, to change your life and change your behaviors and your thought processes. Another day under your belt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's another day that's that's hearing you and leading you towards being healthy you know he can be in your life, or he can choose not to be in your life, but once you get to that point where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the acceptance piece of it, you're either going to be here or you're not on going through this. I'm walking this journey. I have to walk this journey.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be the person that I meant to be. I love you and I want you by my side. You know, we both have made mistakes in this relationship. And I'm willing to forgive yours if you're willing to forgive mine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Lauren Kelly: And that's where he would say, yours is so much different from mine I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say, okay, and your perception. I get that. But that's not the truth. And my hope is that, you know, at some point he'll realize that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But if you just keep doing what you're doing. Lauren focus on changing. You know, when you have a decision and you feel that fear come up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No matter what speak your truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No matter what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just brought up with that.
Lauren Kelly: I mean I literally have lost everything due to just not being honest. So I mean there couldn't be a bigger like less than
Lauren Kelly: Played out for me then, like, you know, it was an uncomfortable home and love from my life. I know you know, living in my car with nowhere to go, and winter like
Lauren Kelly: It's not like I lost like one or two like I lost everything. Because of that, you know, like I get it, I get the gravity of it and
Lauren Kelly: Then it it really upsets me when he says he thinks I don't get it. I'm not old enough, because this is all I think all day is, how could I have heard the person. I love the most.
Lauren Kelly: And out. Can I just be such a horrible and and he didn't deserve this. And he was willing to support me through my recovery and he was an easy way for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's important you let me point something out supporting you through your recovery means looking through your phone finding things from when you were using and beating you up with them because
Lauren Kelly: I didn't know that because we need took me back. He asked me, Is there anything else.
Lauren Kelly: Like, you need to tell me now and and he told me that you know our relationship. Super fragile like there's, you know, we
Lauren Kelly: We can't take another low right now. So the fact that I was willing to jeopardize it when I knew how fragile. It was in the fact that I didn't say we'll just, you know, there's also these conversations I had with guys to, you know,
Lauren Kelly: It was hard enough like just owning for the first time, my life that I'm an addict and you know all the lies that went on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Most people don't go through that till they go through their third, fourth, and fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth step. So, you know, the fact that, you know, he's wanting things within your first 30 days of sobriety is kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Damaging or it's not really
Lauren Kelly: The day before he left last time he started a fight with me at four in the morning about something that happened 10 months before we met.
Lauren Kelly: And now ended up being a four hour five from 4am to 8am all about something that happened 10 minutes before we ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got to see it. What's great is that you're able to really pull out these things in your relationship that where he hasn't been 100% to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And knowing that you both have fault, not that one is different than the other, because they're not or one is better than the other, because they're not. That's his misconception. But the fact that neither one of you have been perfect through the relationship
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when he can get to that point. Then there's time, then that's the time when that you guys will be able to rebuild
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But he's got to get to that point. And in the meantime, you've just got to keep putting one foot in front of the other, putting your recovery first and working on more and and owning your truth at the end of the day, that's all you've got.
Lauren Kelly: The fact that I've it's over through all this is like mind blowing to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because, like, oh,
Lauren Kelly: I didn't. I wasn't thinking about using the first few weeks, like when danger could like I wasn't even thinking about using every day. It was like so excited day 1112 like, you know, a 30 day 30 right around the corner. Oh, so excited.
Lauren Kelly: It was a tall. All this happened that I started to have my first, like real thoughts of using again, you know, like, like
Lauren Kelly: Hardcore like that is the only thing that would make this better right or not better, but like
Lauren Kelly: I mean like I've been diagnosed clinically depressed. I've been told. Like, I feel things more than a normal person, I get to such a dark place like
Lauren Kelly: I literally when I've been analyzing like why I use dominance over. I've been like, same thing. Like why I use and trying to get to like those core root issues because if all I do is take Suboxone like that's not going to fix it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know i mean i
Lauren Kelly: Get to the reasons why he is. And to be honest, like
Lauren Kelly: A whole lot of my using was because I would use drugs. So I want to kill myself. You know, like as crazy as that sounds like I would be in such a dark place. Don't be in so much emotional pain. It would be physically painful for me.
Lauren Kelly: And the only thing that would make me that really not want to fucking slit my throat or put a bullet in my head was stuff like just us, and be numb for a little bit, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And I'm not saying like, oh, because I get there fast. Like I said, I'm more of a license to use or anything that like he's a super positive person like he's never felt like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: 200 times a day, all day, just thinking your burden and everyone's better off without you. You know, I
Lauren Kelly: Never had a plan in place for how he was going to do it and it like you know like
Lauren Kelly: So I'm not saying that's an excuse, but a lot of my using how to do with that. So like now I'm in such a dark place like I didn't my using I was living on a friend's like broad for
Lauren Kelly: I didn't have a future. I was excited about it was five minute call that I got excited about my future that I started wanting to get clean that I sort of wanted to do these things that
Lauren Kelly: Would make a bright and healthy future for you and I. And so when that's taken away like I can't help but think like
Lauren Kelly: Then it's like my sobriety, or my life's all about him, but like. Then what the fuck am I doing this word because everything I was so looking forward to that. Like,
Lauren Kelly: I never been. I wanted to get married, I never thought I wanted to have kids, all of a sudden after him. I wanted those things and so excited that like the possibility of having them and
Lauren Kelly: To know that like I could just
Lauren Kelly: Shoot shithole over all this progress. You mean and just ruin everything. And like, oh, just because I couldn't just been honest and told him the truth. Like, I don't know how to
Lauren Kelly: forgive myself for that. I don't know how to ever even ask him for forgiveness that I don't know how I can accept the fact that I wouldn't everything in that like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was Lauren. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: First off, you got to stop thinking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's, that's the first stop. Okay. Your life is not over your life is just with guns.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And maybe this relationship has has opened your eyes to the fact that it is a possibility to have those things in your future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And maybe later on in life. It might not be with him. You know, you can't future tell you anything is all you have to have is right here, right now. And today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't have, you know, tomorrow's not promised to any of us it's about what we do today. But if you keep beating yourself up over you know your addiction and over what's happened in the past, you're never going to be able to move forward through today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to accept the fact that you you know that you're struggling with this you have to accept the fact that what you have is today and you're not perfect, but you're planning on you know you're making these changes, step by step, and give yourself a little bit of credit for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even though you don't feel like you that you earned it, or deserve it, or whatever. But you do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just got to, got to get to that place and that point to see that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've got a a another appointment and and now you know we've been on here for two hours.
Lauren Kelly: I did not know that. I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay. Definitely. I enjoy spending the time with you. You need to process these things, but you also need to keep an open mind and see both sides to this Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This isn't a one one sided you know situation. This is a two sided situation and you play your part, you've owned your part, and you're working on changing your part.
Lauren Kelly: I can't help but subscribe to his, his way of thinking, though, that mine is so much worse. It's
Lauren Kelly: Not like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not guess that's called catastrophic thinking. And if you don't recognize that and change that now and then everything in your life that you do is going to be catastrophic. But people on a daily basis, make mistakes, a daily basis, everybody. There's no person that's, that's perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whether
Lauren Kelly: your boyfriend's face like like we're all just supposed to be okay with making like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I want to eat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It, it's easy when you do when you make those mistakes because it is a go to coping skill that you've had. Being able to say, you know what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not true. I mean, you have that opportunity when you comes out of your mouth to stop and say, wait a minute, that's not true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, this is really the truth. I'm, I'm afraid. Right now, and I'm reacting and owning that piece in that moment allows you to retract and get your truth out there.
Lauren Kelly: But it's a process.
Lauren Kelly: I wish I could have done that in the situation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, there's going to be more situations that come up there, you're going to be able to trust me your work in progress. And this isn't something that's going to change overnight and you've just got to give yourself a little bit of credit for what you've already walked through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, well, I see you in group, you'll be in group. This next week. Right.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, is it it's 1015 or 1045 they always go back and forth about it and I never know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 1015 and 15 yeah
Lauren Kelly: It's on Monday. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. And then we're keeping this appointment so on Tuesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 11 o'clock. Okay. I want you to come back here because I'm during this this next week that you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, walking through this stuff. I want you to really own your truth if you feel like like you know there's situation, this is happening like just happened, learn from what just happened, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You come up against with one of these situations think in your head. All right. I know that if I lie, this is what's going to happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I'm afraid of what's going to happen if I tell the truth, but it's going to be to my benefit because I'm not going to have to build the web and Just own your truth in that moment, and if it comes out of your mouth before you have a chance to change it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go back and retract it you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have that choice to
Lauren Kelly: You know, you're right. I just, I wish I didn't have to learn that the hard way. I wish I could have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everybody has to learn that the hard way morn
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nobody gets it. Perfect.
Lauren Kelly: I just in my mind I think like anything that we go through. We're going to be stronger if we work through it together. Like I feel like he wants me to go away for a year and become this perfect person and then come back to a fixed, you know, didn't mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I don't mean
Lauren Kelly: Either I think like if you really love me, you would want to work on it with me and he's like, that's so unfair that. So, and this is where I think you're downplaying what you've done.
Lauren Kelly: This now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that he's applying what you've what you've done. And I think that he's wanting you to take accountability and ownership when he's not willing to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's willing to blame you for his behaviors. That's not taking ownership. I wouldn't have done that. I bet worse me comes out because of, you know,
Lauren Kelly: You wouldn't you wouldn't go through my phone if you hadn't already found something bad in my phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He still has choices.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He still has choices at every turn, we have choices.
Lauren Kelly: But if I never gave him a reason to question we would still be in that really great trusting place, but I've given him.
Lauren Kelly: Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's given you a lot of things to question two.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just have to remember that that neither one of you have been perfect through this through this whole through this relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And for him to say, yours is worse than mine. It is so much bull bull crap. I just want to tell you that it is it's justifying his and saying okay yeah I did that little thing over there but you did this and it's so much bigger a lie is a lie is a lie, period.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no, you know what I mean, it's a lie.
Lauren Kelly: I mean, there is a if I tell you I like a haircut that I don't really like it. Isn't that kind of smaller scale than if I tell you I'm not sleeping with her husband, but I really am.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know why.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, you could go tit for tat all you want but allies alive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just, and that's the, that's the bottom line of it a lie is a lie, if we if we, you know, say, well, my was doors with so much worse than mine. Allies, allies lie.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's just break it break it down, you know, really.
Lauren Kelly: Close betrayal and like I've definitely been betrayed multiple times by have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, exactly. And when you don't get over
Lauren Kelly: Everything he promised me that he completely I
Lauren Kelly: Exactly that he made me believe one thing to get me to do what he wanted. You know, like telling me this four year plan that's where your plan. So I would stick around and really
Lauren Kelly: You had to know in the back of his head. Oh, but if it happens anytime soon. I'm going to freak out, or whatever, you know, I
Lauren Kelly: Mean I wouldn't feel not good at three weeks, but he told me what I needed to hear.
Lauren Kelly: Like, you know, but when I say that to me. He thinks that's so wrong. He didn't manipulate me and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because he's, he's very good at justifying his own behaviors. And what I also know Lauren is there's absolutely no reason whatsoever for Amanda to put his hands on a woman. No, no reason, or a woman to a man
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't matter if he wanted the key. He could have said all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Come, take me to the motel room and let's look. There was another option that he had other than tackling you through that. So there's that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's the obsessiveness about a driving back and forth in front to see where you are at all the time, there's that. There's the tracking app. There's that you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's his behaviors are totally opposite of what he understands or thinks that they are and they're damaging
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you take that piece because he again. That's his side of stuff and then you take yours. There's no comparing anything to anything. It's about saying we both have made poor choices to this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We both have, you know, and I own my part, and I'm working on doing things differently. And that's it. You don't have anything else to defend
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything else to explain, you're doing what you need to do one foot in front of the other to make a better life for for Lauren, so that one day Lauren can be married and have have children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because
Lauren Kelly: Whether he believes it or not. I know that he knows everything. There's absolutely nothing.
Lauren Kelly: Right. And it was just like the rest of his life thinking I'm continuously line item in that there's more. They're like, I don't know how to make him.
Lauren Kelly: I know to my core that he knows everything like that. There is there's not one fucking thing he doesn't know he knows the worst parts of everything about me and every bad decision I've ever made. Even if I summarize. He knows everything, so I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can tell you. Can I just tell you that most relationships. It takes two individuals and then it comes together as a partnership.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so we own our own behaviors we uphold each other. We don't go through each other's phones. We don't stock each other. We don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to control each other. We don't physically try to control each other we allow each person to learn grow and walk with them side by side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so knowing where you're at in your early recovery, you're not going to do a perfectly. It's going to take some time before you get that thinking change. And that's what you're working on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that. All right. Remember that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. Alright.
Lauren Kelly: Thanks for spending so much time. I didn't mean to.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't listen I enjoy spending time with you. So don't even worry about it. And if I didn't have this appointment that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Should be checking in any second. I would spend more time with you because you need it. You know, this mindset that you have that, you know, you're less than I want to get you to a point where you realize that you are enough you aren't good enough, you're a good person.
Lauren Kelly: That
Lauren Kelly: And I know I wave to me that I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know like
Lauren Kelly: Feel like I deserve anything good in life. I feel like like tonight's the first night. I'm going to officially sleep in my car.
Lauren Kelly: With the dogs like I've nowhere to go, like, I'm really scared for how that's going to go, but may follow thoughts of that is like, but this is exactly what you deserve. You know, and this is what your choices.
Lauren Kelly: This is the positioning your choices on put you in this isn't because he left to her is again. And that's on him like your choices did this, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: I can't, I can't ever possibly see myself saying, oh, I deserve a good relationship or I deserve a nice home like a truly like I just don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In a couple months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you are saying I am enough. And when you when you are saying I do feel like I'm worth something. I'm going to reflect back to this and tell you remember where you were in the very beginning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you are in the very beginning.
Lauren Kelly: I would love for that to be a couple months or no in my mind it's yours.
I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't know me, I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, then goodness in your in your head, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just get you to the
Lauren Kelly: Binding thoughts that you told me about, I've been trying to do. They did really well in the first couple days when I would say, Oh, you're so stupid. Like, how could you fuck up like this. How could you ruin everything. And then I would say like
Lauren Kelly: You know know you're worthy of love and like you're becoming a better person, every day or so, you know, I would try to like the more negative and bad things have gotten here is is really hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Surely it over. It's
Lauren Kelly: Just, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They mean but yeah
Lauren Kelly: I did try that for a few days and I was doing really well so
I would again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, do it again. Alright, so just take this as for what it was. You just had a valuable learning experience and you take from it what it is that you learned and that is no matter what, at the end of the day, you have nothing to defend anymore.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, absolutely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And you own your truth period you Just own your truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The good and the ugly, you just
Lauren Kelly: Own it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are Lauren your vibrant beautiful young woman that deserves to have love in her life that deserves to be able to love herself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember that because those two dogs in that car obviously love you to death and dogs. They attach themselves to people because they're good people. Dogs don't attach themselves to people that are bad people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, remember that, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Lauren Kelly: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I gotta go. I see my person just checked in and I will be looking forward to seeing you next week. Okay.
Lauren Kelly: Definitely. I'll see you Monday and Tuesday. I'll see a group on Monday, and then this call.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, all right, Lauren, I will talk to you later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, exciting, I